BECOMING A GODDESS
THE DRAGON GODS WIFE
BOOK 1
MAC FLYNN
CONTENTS
Copyright
Authors Note
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Sneak Peek: Guarding a Secret
A Small Favor
Whens the Next Book?
Series by Mac Flynn
About Mac Flynn
COPYRIGHT
Becoming a Goddess (The Dragon Gods Wife Book 1). Copyright 2025
by Mac Flynn.
Published by Crescent Moon Studios, Inc.
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced,
disseminated, or transmitted in any form or by any or for any use, including
recording or any information storage and retrieval system, without the prior
written consent of the author and/or artist. The only exceptions are excerpts
or the cover image in reviews.
This is a work of fiction. All the names, characters, organizations, places
and events portrayed in this novel or on the cover are either products of the
authors or artists imagination or are used fictitiously. Any similarity to real
persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental and not intended by the
author or artist.
AUTHORS NOTE
Dear Reader,
T for joining me on a journey through my
imagination. If youre looking for romance and adventure with a
guaranteed Happily Ever After, then youve come to the right place.
My books contain paranormal plotting and fantastical action, and I
hope you enjoy reading them as much as I enjoy writing them.
You can keep in touch with me by joining my newsletter or
checking out my website for the latest updates.
Check out my website
Sign up for my newsletter
Thank you for giving my book a chance, and Happy Reading!
- Mac Flynn
CHAPTER ONE
G , . A
middle of that mess stood a handsome immortal. He opened his arms to me
and his smile warmed my heart. A whispered word floated from his elegant
lips.
Anna.
I blushed. He was calling my name.
Anna? Anna!
My head snapped backward and my imagination-clouded eyes cleared.
The dingy room came back into focus and I found myself seated in my
office chair. My desk and I were stuffed into a small dreary cubicle of grays
and off-whites. The only benefit was the location. I was too far from the
boss prying eyes to catch his attention.
However, I did have the attention of one very irritated coworker. She
sported a long brown ponytail and a very deep frown on her face. Snap out
of it, Anna! she hissed at me. Even the boss makes the rounds now and
then, and you know how the squealer is.
I sighed. I knew only too well as I partially turned my chair to look at
the generic company calendar that was pinned to the gray wall. I know.
That seminar on worker responsibilities is tomorrow.
My coworker put her elbows on my desk and lay her hands in her
cupped palms. She studied the calendar and wrinkled her nose. Thats just
not fair. They shouldnt be able to make you work on a Saturday.
Its either that or I have to take it after work and that wont fit into my
schedule, I pointed out. Besides, they are paying me for it.
Well, how about you have fun tonight to make up for tomorrow? she
suggested as she tugged on my sleeve. We could go to that new club and
meet some cute guys.
Im busy.
She rolled her eyes. Come on, just skip it this once, okay? I mean, you
go there every Friday. Couldnt they give you one night off?
I smiled at her and shook my head. I couldnt do that to them,
especially after I promised Id be there today.
She sighed and dropped her hand. Its really that important that you
cook and clean for them?
I shrugged. It makes me feel like Im giving back. I was raised there,
after all.
My friend set a hand on my shoulder and looked me in the eyes. One
day youre going to make some guy very happy.
I laughed and shook my head. Probably not anytime soon unless an
unmarried man comes to adopt someone.
Fat chance of that, my coworker mused as she straightened. She still
gripped my shoulder and some of her humor faded. Alright, I give you
permission to abandon me to the wilds of stag dating, but you have to
promise me you wont go through that creepy place.
I cocked my head to one side to look at her. Its not creepy. Its just an
empty lot.
Yeah, but theres something creepy about a lot thats never had
anything on it, she countered. She wrapped her arms around herself and
shivered. The rest of that area has buildings except that. Its just not right.
What are you doing over there? a voice shouted.
My friends face turned white. Gotta go. And remember your
promise! She scooted away to the wilds of the cubicle jungle.
Its just a lot. . . I murmured as I returned to my work. A long strand
of hair tickled my nose and I brushed it out of my face. Gotta get it cut. . .
I muttered as I studied my reflection on the screen of my computer.
A young woman with neck-length mousy brown hair stared back at me
with equally mousy brown eyes. My face with thin but not narrow and the
rest of me was built pretty much the same. And I was short. Frustratingly
short. I was five foot three at best, and those were on my good days. I
slouched on my bad days.
Not exactly marriage material. . . I murmured.
Why are you talking, Miss Roberts? The sharp voice startled me and I
whipped my head up. The sharp face of my supervisor glared at me from
the opening of my cubicle. Do you have that report done that I asked you
for yesterday?
I managed a tense smile. Not yet. Im just working on it.
She scoffed. That isnt what I saw. If you know whats good for you
youll focus on your work and leave the fraternizing for the weekends.
I had to bite my tongue to keep myself from spitting out what I truly
wanted to say. Ill keep that in mind.
See that you do, she snapped as she lifted her nose and looked down
her beak at me. And I expect it on my desk before you leave.
I didnt look up from my computer screen. Of course. Ill definitely
have it done before I leave.
She strolled off to harass one of my coworkers. I settled my fingers atop
the keys and sighed. Wheres that Prince Charming when I need him?
I shook off those thoughts. No sense in wishing for a dream to come
true. I had to make things happen. Thats how the world worked.
I got back to work but my daydreaming meant I was late getting in the
report. By the time I stepped out night had begun to fall. The shadows
stretched long and deep over everything as I wrapped my scarf tightly
around my neck and began my journey through the concrete wilderness.
The streets were busy with traffic and pedestrians as everyone tried their
best to beat everyone home or to the bars.
I turned off the well-worn paths and into the back residential areas.
These had seen better days, what with their crumbling facades of brick and
mortar. Only the imperiousness of their four floors gave a hint of their lost
grandeur. Many of the windows were broken and replaced by the ever-
economical plywood while others were completely neglected, allowing
vagrants the opportunity for a nice free rest.
My steps took me past a rusted chainlink fence, and through the
diamond designs, I glimpsed the empty lot of my friends warning. I slowed
to a stop and stared at the abandoned property, forgotten by everyone, even
the litterbugs. There were no cots or blankets strewn about the place, and
what trash tried to get inside was blocked by the tall fence. A loose spot in
the far corner of the fence ahead of where I stood tempted me. That was my
usual entrance inside when I dared take the shortcut. It saved me two whole
blocks of walking.
My friends pleading words echoed in my head. I sighed and continued
onward past the loose links. In my distraction, I didnt see the faint white
light that emanated from beneath the ground.
My footsteps took me down that long block and to my destination. The
journeys end was a square building some three floors high and a hundred
feet wide. A tall stoop denoted its origins as coming from the late nineteenth
century when the fog of industry blanketed much of the city. The windows
were old but clean and the bricks chipped but washed. Even the stoop had
been swept of leaves and picked clean of trash. A single word had been built
into the bricks above the door: Orphanage.
Many of the lights were on as I walked up those worn steps. I paused at
the top and half-turned to look at the street. All was quiet and empty.
Nobody would be coming today.
The front door burst open and a half dozen small bodies threw
themselves at me. I didnt stand a chance as they latched onto me, tugging
my person in every direction. They were children and ranged in age from
three to six. Their faces were clean but their hand-me-down clothes were
patched in several places.
Youre here! Youre here! several of them crowed.
What took you so long, Anna? another scolded me.
I laughed and grasped two of the hands that so lovingly held me. Im
not that late.
Miss Wynn has been looking out the window for you to come for a
really, really, really long time! another chimed in.
Not too long, a kindly voice spoke up and a woman just shy of fifty
stepped out onto the stoop. She wore a plain blouse and faded jeans, and her
graying hair was tucked into a tight bun behind her head. Now all of you
inside and dont drag poor Anna with you.
We were only trying to help her inside, one of the children moped as
she shuffled past Miss Wynn.
Miss Wynn laughed and patted her on the head. Im sure she can
handle the door herself but shed be glad to have you greet her any time.
The girls face brightened and she nodded before disappearing inside. Miss
Wynn turned her attention to me and clasped her hands in front of her.
Thank you for coming. They do really appreciate it.
I grinned as she led me inside. Its no problem and Im sure theyll
show their appreciation when they eat all my brownies before bedtime.
Brownies! The cry came from every nook and cranny of the small
foyer. Children rushed out of the woodwork, sprinting out of the wings and
down the stairs.
Easy! No running or you wont get any brownies! Miss Wynn warned
them.
You know what to do, troops! I shouted. The kids scuttled into a line
in front of me and gave me crooked but sincere salutes. I walked up and
down the line inspecting them. Dirty hands, dirty face, clean, clean- I
stopped in front of a short boy of five who bowed his head and crossed my
arms over my chest. Jasper, what are you hiding?
Jasper lifted his face and revealed a large cut on his cheek. The cat got
me.
I knelt on one knee so we were at eye level. Did you pull the cats tail
again? He bobbed his head. You know he doesnt like that.
But I was just trying to catch him to brush him, he whimpered.
I set a hand on his head and ruffled his hair. The cat doesnt understand
that. Thats why you have to be gentle. Now how about some brownies?
Yeah! the kids shouted.
After you all clean up, I added as I stood. Those with dirty digits and
faces scurried off to obey.
Miss Wynn smiled at me. Ill leave you to it then. Good luck.
I laughed. Ill need as much as I can get.
CHAPTER TWO
W ?
I want the spoon!
I want the spoon! You can have the bowl!
Nobody gets the spoon or the bowl, I reminded my little helper as I
oversaw the brownie preparations.
The old kitchen of the orphanage was worn but clean, or at least it was
before I started my cooking class. Now the place was covered in sugar and
cocoa powder. The smell, however, hinted that our efforts were not in vain.
One of the kids stood in front of the oven with his back bent and his
face nearly plastered against the glass. Are they done yet?
I clapped my hands on his shoulder. Your nose will be done before
them, now scoot over to the table. Well try them there.
The kids didnt need a second invitation but hurried over and climbed
into their chairs. They craned their necks as I opened the oven door and
drew out the large pan of chocolate goodies. Steam rose from the batter and
the scent wrapped around me. I cut the goodies into even squares and set
them on paper towels which I divied out to the eager children. They dove
into them like starving wolves and soon not a single crumb remained on
their makeshift plates.
Miss Wynn came in with another half dozen kids of various ages in tow.
She stopped at the table and sniffed the air. If the smell tells me anything
its that youve outdone yourself this time.
I grinned down at the kids and ruffled the head of one of them. Its all
thanks to my little helpers here.
A little girl of six tugged on Miss Wynns hem. What about mine?
Theres still plenty left, I promised her as I returned to the pan.
Soon all the kids were at the long table munching away or happily
licking the remains from their lips. Miss Wynn stood beside me watching
them with a soft smile. She leaned toward me and lowered her voice to a
whisper. Thank you.
I shook my head. Its my pleasure. Really.
And theirs, she added as she looked down at the kids. Half of them
were still licking the crumbs off their plates. The other half were fighting
over the cake pan.
Lemme have it!
You had it last time!
Miss Wynn clapped her hands. Thats enough! Her tone was gentle
but there was an underlying warning. The children dropped the cake pan so
fast it clattered to the table. Its time to get ready for bed and that means
baths and brushing.
The children slunk off their chairs and shuffled out the door. I smiled
and shook my head at their forlorn backs as they disappeared into the foyer
and up the stairs.
Miss Wynns gentle hand settled on my shoulder and I turned to find her
staring curiously at me. You could go now. They wouldnt mind.
I shook my head. Its okay. I promised Id tuck Sarah into bed tonight.
She sighed. I know this sounds rather silly of me to say this, but you
really do need to get out and see people your own age. Theres more to life
than living in the past.
I wrapped my arms around myself and dropped my contemplative gaze
to the floor. I know, its just. . .
You dont think Mr. Right is waiting for you? she guessed.
I laughed and shook my head. Its not that. Its just, well, I feel like Im
waiting for something. I grinned up at her. I know that sounds stupid and
it goes against what you taught me about making what I want happen, but
thats just how I feel about this.
She patted my shoulder. Well, if you should ever find what youre
waiting for then you bring him here.
I rolled my eyes. It might not be a guy Im waiting for.
Her eyes twinkled and she slid her hand off my shoulder. Well see. A
crash and a scream came from upstairs.
Miss Wynn! a girl shouted. Benny stole my shampoo!
The mistress of the orphanage laughed. Never a dull moment.
Together we went upstairs to break up the fights and tuck many a
bedcloth around a squirming child. I was seated on the edge of Sarahs bed
when the troublesome Benny scurried into the room with something clasped
in his small hands.
Look what Miss Wynn did with the sketch you made for me! he told
me as he thrust his prized possession in my face.
The surprise was a picture frame and tucked into the frame was a sketch
of the young boy. I admired the simple but clean frame and nodded. Its
very good.
Benny! Miss Wynn called. Time to tuck you in!
Coming! Benny shouted before he raced out of the room.
Sarah stared up at me with those beautiful blue eyes of hers. Can you
draw me next?
I cupped her cheek in one hand and smiled down at her. Not tonight.
Maybe next week, okay?
She nodded and snuggled deep into the covers, but a strange expression
marred the sweetness in her eyes. Anna?
Yes, sweety? I returned as I tucked her into bed.
Will I still get a second name even if Im not adopted?
I pulled the covers to just below her chin. Of course youll get a last
name. Everyone gets a name when they leave here, even if youre not
adopted.
Do I get to pick my name? she asked me.
Well, you can, but the kids who leave here usually just take the name
of the street, I told her as I patted the sheets. But dont you worry. Youll
definitely get adopted. Now get some sleep.
She nodded and closed her eyes. I stood and shut off the lamp by the
bed before slipping out into the hall. All was quiet and calm from the other
dozen or so rooms. Miss Wynn stepped out of Bennys room across the hall
and sighed. That Benny is so excitable. She paused and looked me over.
He reminds me of a certain little tomboy that used to hang around here.
I grinned as we strolled downstairs together. Youll have to tell me
about her someday.
Her eyes twinkled as we reached the foyer and I took up my coat and
scarf. Oh, definitely. I have many, many stories about her.
I laughed. I hope theyre not too incriminating.
Perhaps, she teased as she opened the door for me. I stepped up to the
threshold and she clasped my shoulder in one hand. Be safe out there and
have a good weekend.
You, too, I returned as I zipped up my coat and ventured out into the
chilly night.
All was quiet and dark as I trudged down the steps and along the
sidewalk to the corner of the block. A tall street sign stood as a guide for
lost travelers. I paused and looked up at the sign. Bold black letters spelled
out the name of the street I had called home for many years. Roberts Street.
A soft but sad smile crept onto my lips before I stepped off the curb and
made my way home. However, the night still had an adventure left for me.
I had gone a block when a car drove by close to the curb. The sewers
were as ill-kept as the buildings and the passenger tires crashed into a large
puddle close beside where I walked. The water flew up and soaked me to
the bone. I heard laughter from inside the car as the occupants drove away.
I stood dripping wet on the sidewalk glaring at the rear taillights. It
didnt take long for my nose to detect the putrid odor of the water as it sank
into my clothes. I dropped my arms to my sides and sighed.
Just great. . . I muttered to myself as I trudged down the road. Six
blocks of this.
However, there was one option and I soon arrived at an impasse. The
crossroads led northward the long way to my home, but heading forward to
the empty lot would cut off those two blocks. The stench of my clothes
decided for me and I hurried forward. There was a loose spot in the fence
on this end, courtesy of my past experiences and many a local kid.
I ducked through the fence and into the empty lot. The place had always
been a little creepy, being empty for as long as anyone could remember, but
now eerie silence seemed to wrap around me. I almost tiptoed across the
bare ground and my eyes flickered over the area as if I expected some wild
animal to leap out of the shadows.
What I didnt expect was for the ground to cave in.
I stepped into the center of the lot and a cracking sound echoed beneath
me. My heart pounded in my chest as I looked down. Huge cracks shot out
from beneath my foot and raced in every direction. I had only enough time
for my body to tense before the ground gave way completely.
Terror tore a scream from me as I tumbled into the darkness. I landed
hard on solid ground and the air was knocked from my lungs. Dust shot up
from beneath me and covered me like a dry blanket. The two combined sent
me into a coughing fit that didnt clear until the air did.
Thats when I saw the tree.
I froze mid-cough and lifted my gaze to the grotto in which I found
myself. The hole was some twenty feet below street level and twice that in
width. Modernity had passed by the plant as pipes and electrical conduits
slithered through the dirt walls on either side of the hollow space. Standing
in the center of the grotto was a short tree but the branches stretched out to
the very edges of the hollow, creating an umbrella with its thin and fragile
limbs. The branches were covered by purple leaves that looked almost like
petals, so bright and soft were they. They even seemed to give off a gentle
light that cast the whole area in its gentle glow.
I climbed to my feet and gaped up at the tree. Id never seen anything
like it except in fairytales and legends.
Something shimmered on one of its branches. I squinted my eyes and
beheld a small bright purple fruit in the shape of a pear. It clung to the
branch by its silver stem and the smooth surface shimmered in the strange
light of the tree.
I found myself unable to pull my eyes away from the mysterious fruit.
Before I knew what I was doing, my feet moved forward, propelling me
across the empty ground and up to the tree. I stretched out my arm and my
hand wrapped around the fruit. A strange but soothing warmth emanated
from the pear as I wiggled it. The fruit gave so easily that I stumbled back,
cradling my treasure in both hands. I opened my cupped palms and watched
in wonder as the fruit pulsed with light.
The glow brushed aside all the alarms going off in my head. I raised the
fruit to my lips and took a small bite. It didnt taste anything like a pear, or
any other fruit Id ever had. The outside was soft and sweet but the center
was bitter and hard. Still, I couldnt help myself. I closed my eyes and
swallowed.
A strange warmth tickled my toes. I glanced down and my eyes
widened. The soft glow of the pear now emanated from my feet and was
climbing up my leg.
I screamed and dropped the fruit as I danced around trying to throw off
the light. The glow kept up its steady advance and reached my heart. A
sharp pressure struck me and the world began to spin. The light covered my
eyes and blurred my vision, adding to the chaos as I began to feel light-
headed.
I crumpled to the ground and fell on my side. The last thing I saw was
the tree as its light faded and darkness took us both.
CHAPTER THREE
M I -
shelf rum. I shifted and it felt as though sharp needles pricked every part of
me. A whimper escaped me and I curled into myself to escape the
discomfort.
A soft breeze kissed my cheeks and soothed my aching body. I risked
opening my eyes and found myself staring at a brilliant blue sky. A few
wispy clouds floated past the bright sun.
How long was I out? I wondered as I eased myself onto my arms.
A thick strand of silver cobweb draped itself over my face. The soft
touches tickled my nose. I frowned and brushed it away but the cobweb
returned and brought friends. Every time I moved more of them appeared
until I realized the webs were really strands of silky smooth hair. I cupped
a generous handful in my palm and blinked at the unfamiliar fibers. They
glistened in the sun like a freshly made web touched with dew. I gave them
a pull and winced as pain shot through the top of my head.
What are you doing in my gardens?
The deep, even tone came from my right. I whipped my head about and
found myself staring at the most beautiful man Id ever seen. He stood over
me and his height was a few inches above six feet. He wore an elegant
Asian-style robe with many silver silken layers that glistened in the bright
sun overhead. The edges showed off a brilliant scarlet cloth of such fine silk
that it shimmered like water. His hair was as bright as his coat and the
silky strands reached down to his butt. He had alabaster skin and a set of
perfect black eyebrows, one of which was raised as he studied me with his
dark eyes.
He also had the most indifferent expression I had ever seen.
My mouth flopped open a couple of times and I was even more
dumbstruck when I noticed my surroundings. I lay on a wide terrace that
overlooked a set of small stairs and a small square pool was at the end of
the platform. The stairs finished at a wide and very white stone path that
came to a crossroads some twenty feet away. The path parted in three
different directions and each of those led to an arch flanked by high walls of
bright stone. Everything was a brilliantly clean white color. Not a speck of
dirt was out of place nor was a smidgen of dust to be found.
My heart pounded in my chest as I sat up. The long strands of
unfamiliar hair slid over my breasts and pooled in my lap.
My naked lap.
I looked down at myself and my mouth fell open. My clothes were
nowhere to be found. A rising steam of terror and embarrassment boiled up
within me. I screamed and tried to cover myself with the thin strands of
hair. They performed about as well as a silken curtain but I couldnt hide all
my assets.
A robe fell over my shoulders and I eagerly wrapped it around myself.
A quick tie across my front and some of my modesty was returned to me.
My scream must have been impressive because two guards with spears
hurried through one of the arches. They both wore helmets with face guards
and sported padded chest and waist armor along with shin guards. The pair
stopped at the foot of the stairs and their confused eyes fell on me.
We heard a noise, sir! one of them reported to the man who stood
over me.
The man turned to them and used a smooth gesture of his arm to
indicate me. This woman screamed.
One of the guards squinted at me. Who is she, sir?
I do not know.
The guards eyebrows crashed down and he tightened his grip on his
spear. Then she is an intruder, sir? If she is, we must take her with us.
The handsome man didnt get a chance to reply before a tall, thin man
with a sharp face sauntered into the gardens. He wore a flashy set of purple-
colored robes of various hues. There wasnt a speck of white to ease the
eyes as he scurried over to us with curiosity in his eyes and a
condescending smile on his lips.
My dear Emperor Eastwei! he cooed as he reached the guards. I
heard a commotion as I was passing by and just-my goodness! His
attention had fallen on me and his mouth fell open. Who is this young
woman, My Lord? I have never seen her before. Is she an intruder? He
didnt wait for a reply but puffed out his weak chest. Well, if she is I will
take her forthwith to His Majesty for judgment! Guards! Seize this
woman!
I couldnt understand what he was talking about but the tone was far
from friendly. The guards marched up the steps and each of them grabbed
one of my arms.
Let go! I pleaded as I was dragged to my feet and hauled down the
path by the pair. I didnt do anything wrong! I dont know how I got here!
I dont even know where here is!
The man sneered at me. How can anyone mistake the heavenly realm
for anywhere else? Whatever reason you have for invading the emperors
palace, you will be justly punished! Take her away!
The guards were far too strong and I could only stumble along in their
unbreakable grasp. The skinny man followed behind us with his chin held
high and a supreme expression of satisfaction on his face. I was half-
dragged through the completely unfamiliar place. It seemed to have many
buildings and paths, all made from the same pristine white stone and dotted
with gardens and gazebos. The place was a veritable maze of narrow paths
and wide sidewalks, however, and I soon became lost.
My guides knew where they were going and led me onto a very wide
boulevard. The street itself was lower than either side where a few wide
walks followed the main path. Gardens abutted the rear of the walks where
the trees shaded the sides. Behind those were thirty-foot walls of the white
stone, and beyond those I glimpsed the roofs of many buildings. Wherever I
was, it was a massive place.
A few people chatted on the wayside walking path. They, too, were
dressed in immaculate robes and all wore their hair long, even the men.
None of them featured the same brilliant red as the man I had met.
They ceased their conversation as I was paraded past them. What
news, Pampir? one of them spoke up.
The pompous leader of my incarceration lifted his chin a little higher. I
have caught an intruder.
A gasp rose from the group and one of the women shook her head.
Surely not!
He swept an arm toward me. As you see. I am taking her to His
Majesty to question her about her intentions and seek a harsh punishment.
Some of the group tagged along while others hurried away, no doubt to
spread the false narrative set up by my scrawny accuser. Nearly naked and
confused as I was, my indignation arose at the thought of being introduced
to these strangers as nothing more than some intruder intent on some
horrible deed.
More people assembled on the side paths, no doubt lured by the lurid
tales of their companions. They gawked and pointed at me, and I shrank
under their attentions. Pampir puffed out his chest and strode to the front of
our little party. He sauntered so leisurely that the guards holding me were
forced to slow their own pace lest they crash into the puffed-up peacock.
The chatter among the dozens of people was like the buzzing of bees.
Pampir walked through the noise like the queen enjoying the fruits of his
fame.
I glanced ahead at where he led me and saw that the avenue led to a
large palace. Dozens of wide steps led up to a large portico that covered a
pair of closed doors. I was marched up the stairs with the crowd eagerly
following on our heels. Another pair of guards stood watch on either side of
the entrance and at our coming they stepped into Pampirs path.
What business do you have here? a guard questioned my captor.
Pampir stretched to his full height which was barely above my own. I
bring important news to His Majesty and need an audience with him.
His Majesty is in council at the moment, one of them replied.
Pampir frowned. But I have brought with me an intruder into the
sanctity of His kingdom! She must be judged before him!
One of the doors opened and a man stepped out. He was nearly six feet
tall with flowing silver robes and a warm smile on his ovular face. His long
black hair draped down to mid-chest and one of his perfectly-kept fingers
sported a ring of intertwining gold and silver coils. His eyes were dark and
playful, but they showed a spark of intelligence in their depths that showed
he wasnt all games.
He stepped aside and swept his arm toward the interior. You may allow
them to enter.
CHAPTER FOUR
I
was less a home than a council room. The space itself was square but
rounded tiers of low stone desks surrounded the center of the floor. A set of
wide stairs directly in front and two smaller ones on either side allowed
easy access to any seat. The highest of the tiers stood at the end opposite the
doors and there was no desk there, only a platform with a single high-
backed throne. The chair was carved with raised images of animals, forests,
and all manner of life, and seated upon its cushion was a man in glistening
white robes lined with red.
The man appeared to be about sixty with long graying hair and a stern
expression. He sat erect like an imperious judge and his hands grasped the
front of the arms. Rings of various shapes and colors covered his fingers
and a necklace about his neck showed off many more precious gems.
I was surprised to see the man referred to as Emperor Eastwei standing
at his side. In Pampirs eagerness to show me off the other man had beaten
us to the room.
The crowd eagerly followed us inside and the room would have been
swamped with spectators if the seated man hadnt raised his voice. Allow
the council and no one else.
The guards nodded and turned to the crowd. The people reluctantly but
obediently removed themselves save for about three dozen men and women
who hurried to their assigned seats. They stared curiously at me and spoke
in hushed whispers.
Bring her forward, the seated man commanded.
I was carted to the center of the room and dropped onto the floor. My
quick knot partially came undone and the front opened, revealing some of
my nakedness. I fought back tears as I clutched the two halves of the robe
and shut it, but not before more than one man stared appreciatively at me.
The guards stepped back but Pampir positioned himself at my side like
a jailer. Your Majesty, I bring to you-
Lord Eastwei has already told me the circumstances of this womans
appearance, His Majesty interrupted him. I was surprised to hear a
different title given to the man.
A little bit of Pampirs wind wheezed out of him. I-I see. Well, I bring
her to you so you might investigate the matter further, Your Majesty.
The imperial majestys dark eyes settled on me. What is your name?
I parted my lip to speak but my mouth was so dry that no sound would
come out. Pampir glared down at me. The King of Heaven has
commanded you to speak, wench.
Can you not see she is terrified? the man from the door spoke up as he
sauntered up to my other side.
You have nothing to fear if you have done nothing wrong, the king
told me.
I whetted my lips and cleared my throat. M-my name is Anna. Anna
Roberts.
One of the attendees on my left and near the bottom tier leaned toward
his companion. A most unusual name.
What realm do you hail from so we may make inquiries into your
lineage? one of the men spoke up.
I blinked at him. Realm? Im not from any realm, Im from
Brookston.
Surely this Brookston is located within one of the immortal realms,
the man insisted.
I swept my confused eyes over the room. Immortal realms?
Pampir sneered down at me. You feign ignorance of even the five
realms?
I shook my head. I dont know anything about realms or immortals. I
come from a city called Brookston and Im just normal like everyone else.
A woman turned her nose up and scoffed. She is quite brazen to lie to
us- The king raised his hand and quieted the room.
His Majesty studied me with deeper curiosity. You say you are a mortal
and yet you share the same immortal aura as us.
My mouth flapped open a few times before I gathered myself. I have a
what?
Your Highness, this woman is obviously trying to waste our time with
her disingenuous acting, Pampir spoke up as he used an arm to gesture
down at me. Perhaps some of our truth serums will convince her to tell us
what she truly knows.
I dont think she is acting, my defender chimed in as he smiled down
at me. His Majesty is correct in saying she shares our aura, but I detect
faint hints of mortal dust on her person. If I didnt know any better, I would
say she is newly created.
A murmur of hushed whispers and stifled gasps rose from the audience.
The king raised his hand and all fell silent. He leaned toward me and I
shrank beneath his sharp eyes. You say you were mortal once. How did
you come to find immortality?
I swallowed the lump in my throat but my words still came out raspy. I
dont know anything about finding immortality, but I can tell you the last
thing I remember before I- I paused and a faint blush appeared on my
cheeks as I recalled my awakening. Before I got here.
Then speak and we shall listen.
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. I. . .I was walking home. It
was night and I took a shortcut through an empty lot. I guess the ground
wasnt stable and I fell through a hole. There was this small tree with purple
leaves just standing there in front of me. My description caused another
wave of murmurs to rise from the audience.
His Majesty shot everyone a look of warning that silenced them.
Please continue.
I shook my head. There isnt much left to tell. The tree had a fruit on it
and I. . .I couldnt help myself. I took a bite and the next thing I know Im
here. Thats it. Thats all that happened.
What fruit did it bear? the man with the soft smile asked me.
I bit my lower lip. I-I dont know. Ive never seen it before.
Pampir scoffed. You expect us to believe you ate a fruit from a
mysterious tree and arrived here?
I frowned at him. I dont expect you to believe what Im saying but
Im not lying. Thats what really happened.
What was the color of the fruit? my defender inquired.
I furrowed my brow as I thought back to that pivotal moment. It was
purple like the tree but with a silver stem. A soft murmur rose from some
of the company. I couldnt tell if it was to my advantage or disadvantage.
And its flavor? he wondered.
I twisted my face with thought. I. . .it kind of tasted sweet and bitter at
the same time. Another murmur arose from the crowd and the hairs on the
back of my neck stood on end. I felt there was something amiss among their
hurried whispers. My heart thumped hard in my chest as I looked among
them. Whats wrong? Why are you all looking like that?
His Majesty will be the one asking the questions here! Pampir
snapped at me.
Quiet, the king commanded. The stern tone quieted their outward
curiosity and Pampirs fuming words. The royal turned to his companion,
the Eastwei fellow. You can confirm that you did not see her arrive in your
gardens but suddenly felt her presence as if she appeared from nowhere?
Eastwei barely inclined his head. Yes.
His Majesty pursed his lips and returned his attention to me. I will
need to think this matter over. Until then, befitting your status as a sky
goddess you will be granted a small hall. He turned to look behind him at a
servant who stood behind and to the side of the throne. What halls are
empty now?
The Fanshe Hall is empty at this time, Your Majesty, the man replied.
Then you shall have that hall, His Majesty offered as he returned his
focus to me. A sharp look slipped into his eyes and tongue. However, you
will not be allowed to venture beyond its walls until we have confirmed
your tale. Should you be discovered beyond its boundaries you will be
immediately imprisoned.
I felt a sudden pressure in my chest and I sat up. But I dont want to
stay here. Cant you send me home?
He closed his eyes and shook his head. If what you say is true then you
no longer belong in the mortal realm. To return there would slowly kill
you.
A cold hand wrapped around my heart, freezing my veins as well. I sat
there in a stupor trying to process his words but unable to think or speak.
The man with the soft smile knelt beside me and grasped my shoulders
in a gentle grip. Allow me to assist you up. I dumbly nodded and he
helped me to my feet.
Pampir looked on with disapproval. I do not think it is a good idea for
a prince of heaven to be so kindly toward this unknown goddess. She may
attack him at any moment.
Do you doubt the swiftness of our guards? the prince countered.
Pampir scoffed. It is not doubt in our guards but faith that this woman
is not as weak as she appears.
That will soon be discovered, His Majesty spoke up as he waved a
hand at the doors. Take her to her quarters and disperse the crowd outside.
If they desire to gossip then they can do so in their own gardens.
One of the guards grasped my arm and leaned my weight against him.
The prince reluctantly released me and stepped back. I was led through the
doors and out into the crowd.
Disperse by order of His Majesty! one of the guards commanded.
The people glumly removed themselves and I was helped down the
lonely stairs. The world was a blur as my jumbled thoughts conjured up a
single realization.
I wasnt going home.
CHAPTER FIVE
I
womans story, His Majesty spoke up after the doors had been shut.
A few of the attendees in the council room stared at one another before
one of the men stood. The woman tells a most extraordinary tale, Your
Majesty, but I do not think she can be trusted. Her description of the fruit of
immortality is too perfect.
But would it not be if she set her own eyes upon it? the prince
countered.
The man smiled and bowed his head to the other. That is true, My
Prince, but I am merely suggesting that she had read a scroll and learned of
its description.
A pity there is none left of the first generation to confirm her report of
the tree, another chimed in as he folded his arms over his chest. There are
so few descriptions of the Diyedi Tree fruit that we cannot even confirm if
hers is true without some doubt.
If we cannot confirm the tale then what about the woman? His
Majesty persisted. Is she at all familiar to any among us?
Many in the company shook their heads. One of the men slyly smiled at
his neighbor. She was hardly dressed as a goddess. A tittering of laughter
erupted from the others.
A woman of about sixty with a severe face stood and lifted her chin.
Whatever her attire, she is a stranger and an intruder. How did she come to
pass through all our guards and our magic without anyone noticing save for
Lord Eastwei?
How did you come to notice her, My Lord? a gentleman inquired of
the lord. I believe His Highness mentioned only that you sensed her
presence. You noticed nothing else amiss within your gardens?
Nothing, came the reply.
A low, dark murmur rippled through the hall. The prince paced the floor
and toyed with the ring on his finger. A smile lay on his face as he looked at
each of the members. I believe we are taking this matter too seriously.
His Majesty leaned forward and frowned. What do you mean?
The prince spun on his heels to face the royal and shook his head. I
mean no disrespect, Your Majesty, but perhaps we should take this young
woman at her word. After all, she is merely a goddess and a young one at
that.
A stranger might cause a lot of trouble if the stories from the land
realm are to be believed, one of the members argued.
Another bobbed her head. Yes! Their lands are being attacked one after
the other and no one has found the culprit! What if this woman is that
fiend?
Do you believe our defenses so poor that such a creature could worm
their way into our midst? he challenged her.
She frowned. I believe the matter is still open and all possibilities must
be considered.
This bickering is getting us nowhere, the king spoke up as he stood.
The others quickly rose and faced him as he caught the eye of the prince.
Since you have such an interest in her, I entrust her care to you. Ingratiate
yourself with her and see what you can learn.
The prince bowed his head. It would be my pleasure, Your Majesty.
The king frowned but turned and strode from the room. The buzz of
gossip started the moment he disappeared. Many scurried down from their
seats to speak with the prince.
Are you sure this is such a good idea, My Prince? one of them asked
him.
He chuckled. Should I not be pleased to have such a beautiful charge?
But we know nothing about her, another countered.
He pointed in the direction of the earth beneath their feet. Many of us
know very little of what is below us and yet we still dare to walk among the
mortals and land immortals. Should I now be afraid of a single woman who
is so defenseless she has not even clothes to protect her?
One without clothes is the most dangerous type of woman! one of the
men spoke up. The other male members burst out laughing but the women
were less amused.
The woman crossed her arms over her chest and glared at the men. You
may jest about this matter but I see nothing humorous in our magic being
breached by a single goddess.
The prince gave her an appreciative smile and bowed his head. That is
why I swear to you all that I will discover the truth about our new
acquaintance.
The group fell silent and parted as Lord Eastwei made his way through
them. The prince inclined his head to the others and hurried after the other
god. He joined him halfway down the steps. I would greatly like to hear
what you think of this strange womans story, Dadan.
The god continued his onward journey without missing a stride. I can
make nothing of it.
A coy smile slipped onto the princes lips. Surely you have some idea
as to the authenticity of her account.
I do not.
Then would you not like to come with me to retrieve your robe?
Eastwei stared ahead. I believe you would make more progress without
my being there.
The prince laughed. Perhaps I will! Wish me luck! He slipped away
and hurried in the direction of Fanshe Hall.
Eastwei hadnt traveled more than half the distance down the main
thoroughfare before a voice called to him. Dadan!
He stopped and half-turned in the direction of the feminine shout. An
elegant woman of twenty hurried up to him. She wore shimmering robes of
soft pink with a white underlayer. Her brown hair shimmered in the sun and
a smile lit up her perfectly almond-shaped face.
She grasped his hand in both of his and her brilliant brown eyes
searched his face. There you are, Dadan! Wherever have you been
hiding?
Did you need something, Lady Shian? Dadan replied.
She laughed and tugged on his hand. You are always so formal with
me, Dadan! You know you can call me Shian! And must I always need
something to wish to see you? Can I not merely enjoy your company?
You may.
She puckered her lips in a pout. Dont be that way, Dadan, but if you
must ask, I did come to you for a reason. He stared at her with an
unblinking gaze as he inclined his head for her to continue. Well, I wanted
to invite you to a dinner I am putting on for Lady Bidao. She has recently
returned from her sojourn into the mortal realm and has some wonderfully
amusing stories about them that would be very interesting to hear.
I must decline.
Shians face fell. But it wont be quite as fun without you there, and I
already have Prince Yushirs promise to come. You would keep him
company.
He is perfectly fine in his own company, Dadan countered as he made
to move away.
Shian tightened her grip on his hands. Please, Dadan. Please do this
favor for me. She leaned in and sweetened her smile. I promise there will
be a good surprise for you.
He stared at her a moment before he sighed. Very well.
Shian could barely contain her joy but she settled for stepping back and
bowing low to him. Thank you, Dadan. You do me a great honor. He
slightly inclined his head and moved past her. Shian waited for him to walk
out of earshot before she clapped her hands. He will certainly be pleased
by the food Ill cook for him. She paused and furrowed her brow as she
tapped her lip with one finger. But I dont have a surprise for him. What
should I do about that? Her eyes lit up. I will make him a new dessert!
That will certainly will his stomach and then his heart!
She applauded herself again before she set off to prepare for the feast.
CHAPTER SIX
I . T -
dragged through the pristine paths and the beautiful gardens. Trees of every
shape and leaf size shaded us as I was led by the guards to the hall
mentioned by the king.
And a king. I never expected to meet one but he certainly pulled off the
imperious nature of one. And that prince the scrawny Pampir talked so
badly to. If anyone was to be my jailer I was glad it was him. Still, I was
going to be placed in a jail and the thought sank my heart into my stomach.
The guards guided me through the maze of buildings, walls, and paths
to a simple archway. The arch led into a small garden of grass on either side
with a white-barked tree on our left. The small plain path led to a porch
attached to a building some twenty feet high but with only one floor. A
raised covered portico surrounded the building and vines twined around the
stone columns to add a nice accent. The building itself had thick screens for
walls and a pair of sliding doors in front of us led inside.
The guards led me up the short set of stairs and through the doors. I was
presented with a deep but simple room of marble floors without rugs. The
room led clear to the back of the building with a bracing wall in the middle
as a mild interruption. A low table stood at the back surrounded by mats and
a few pillows were tossed into one corner, but otherwise, the room was
empty. Two pairs of sliding doors on the left were open and led into a
bedroom with a low bed and a spare storage room.
The guard hefted me over to the table where he set me on one of the low
mats. The pair turned and marched back outside, mindful to close the door
behind them. I sat in a daze for a while where they had left me, my mind a
confused mess of thoughts and indecision. The walls around the enclosure
were too straight and tall to climb over, and even if I could escape where
would I go? I had no idea where this heaven place was nor did I know how
to get back home.
I stirred after a few minutes and looked about me. The quarters were
comfortable but sparse and everything was dusted and washed. I wrapped
the robe tighter about myself and stood on my shaky legs. The inspection of
the place didnt take long and I soon found myself drifting toward the
tempting bedroom with its soft-looking bed.
I stepped into the room and something shiny to my right caught my
attention. It turned out to be a full-length mirror and my breath caught in
my throat as I stared at myself.
I almost didnt recognize the face in the mirror. There were the same
cheeks and the same ears, but my eyes were now a soft gray color. My skin,
too, was as smooth as silk and without any blemish. The strands of brown
short hair were gone, replaced by the long silver locks that framed my
unfamiliar face. I reached up and brushed the shaking tips of my fingers
over my face.
I jumped when a knock came from the front room. My heart pounded
against my chest as I inched over to the doorway and peeked out. The man
with the smile stepped over the threshold and his eyes searched the rooms
for me.
Lady Roberts? he called out before he discovered me. Good evening.
I hope I- My shaking legs couldnt stand the strain anymore and I
collapsed to my knees. Lady Roberts! The man rushed to my side and
grasped my arms. Are you hurt?
I shook my head. I-Im fun, just- I reached up a trembling hand and
brushed my fingers over half my face. Tears sprang into my eyes and my
lips quivered. I dont recognize myself. Somethings happened to me.
Let me assist you to the table, he soothed as he lifted me to my feet.
He leaned me against his arm and helped me to the table where he eased me
onto one of the mats. He took up possession of the one on my left that faced
the door. Is there something I can get for you? Some tea, perhaps?
I set my hands on the top of the table and shook my head. I-Im fine.
This is just. . .just a little too much. A bitter snort escaped me. I keep
thinking Im going to wake up and find myself in some gutter or maybe
back in my bed.
I assure you this is no dream, Lady Roberts, he insisted as he set a
hand over one of mine. But should you need anything, do not hesitate to
ask for my assistance.
I shook off some of my shock and looked over my guest. But who are
you?
His eyes twinkled as he inclined his head toward me. My apologies. I
am so well-known that I often forget to introduce myself. I am Prince
Yushir, nephew of the ruler of Heaven.
And you. . .youre a god? I guessed.
He drew his hand away and nodded. Just so. Everyone who resides in
the Heavens is an immortal.
I swept my eyes over the spacious room. But howd I get here? I
raised my hands and looked over the smooth skin, so unlike the worn typing
fingers I knew. And what happened to me?
The change in your appearance isnt too surprising considering the
circumstances, he mused.
I blinked at him. What do you mean?
He leaned back and folded his arms over his chest. A contemplative
expression crossed his face as he stared hard at the table. If memory
serves, those who first ate the fruit of the Diyedi Tree also experienced a
change in their appearance.
The what tree?
He smiled at me. My apologies. The Diyedi Tree is, I believe, the tree
you discovered in that hole. There has only one such tree in existence and
that now resides in the gardens of my uncle here in heaven, though it once
stood in the mortal realm many millions of years ago.
My mouth slowly dropped open. Wait, millions of years? And the tree
is still alive?
The tree is as immortal as you and I, he informed me.
I looked down at myself. I dont feel immortal.
He chuckled. That is because you have not yet practiced your magic.
I whipped my head up and my mouth fell open. My lips flapped a few
times before I got a hold of myself. Magic? Real magic?
As real as you or I.
And I can do it? Youre sure?
I see no reason why you should not be able to do so, he mused as he
looked me up and down. We need only see what element you most relate
to and have you practice the gestures to summon it.
I leaned toward him and studied his face. Youre really serious about
this, arent you?
The corners of his eyes crinkled mischievously as he raised one hand
with the palm facing upward. He pressed two fingers together and twisted
his wrist. I started back when a large droplet of water formed out of
nowhere and floated above his hand. He opened his hand and the droplet
lowered onto his palm where it jiggled in place.
My big eyes were reflected in the surface of the rippling water as I
leaned in. Wow.
He closed his fingers around the droplet and the magic vanished with a
soft sploosh. I started back and found him smiling at me. Now it is your
turn.
CHAPTER SEVEN
Y . I
and he pulled me gently to my feet before guiding me out into the warm
sun. He gestured to a patch of grass on the opposite side of the walk from
the tree. Please take a seat here and we will begin your first lesson.
I was more than a little apprehensive as I took a seat on the plush lawn.
Sitting was a little awkward with the robe and I kept tugging it down to
cover my legs.
Yushir leisurely paced the path in front of me with his brow furrowed
and a hand tapping against his cheek. Now lets see. What shall we begin
with? He stopped and his eyes widened. Yes, that should do. He spun
around to face me and my nervousness tripled. The prince stretched out his
hand and formed his hand into an okay sign. Mimic what I do. I
performed the task with more ease than I expected and a grin spread across
my lips. He swept his arm in a small circle in front of him and thrust his
hand out. Now repeat that gesture. I tried to make a circle but he shook
his head. No no no. You need to create a perfect circle or the magic will be
very weak. It may not even come at all.
I stiffened my jaw and tried again. And again. And again. I tried so
many times my arm began to grow tired.
Yushir finally sighed. Perhaps we should give it a try anyway. I
dropped my arm into my lap and hung my head. He patted my shoulder.
No need for that. The motions merely coax the magic out of you. The
magic inside is the greatest matter.
I winced. So how do I do that?
Focus your thoughts on the tiny spark inside you and try to imagine
drawing out the magic like plucking strings on a ball of thread, he
instructed.
I looked down at myself. A tiny spark?
That is the spark of your element, he explained as he pointed his
ringed finger at my chest. Every god and goddess has one contained within
them at the point of their creation. I doubt the circumstances are any
different for you.
I sat up and nodded. Ill try.
Yushir stepped back and to the side watching me carefully. I breathed
out and returned my hand to the starting position. All was still and quiet in
the garden as I dug around inside me in search of this fabled ball of thread.
There didnt seem to be anything different on my inside, but I stiffened my
jaw and performed the hand maneuver anyway.
Nothing came out. Not a spark nor a sputter of water. I frowned and
tried again. The result was the same. I felt nothing and nothing came out.
After a half dozen tries, Yushir stepped up to me with a tense smile on
his face. You are either a very fine actress or the worst magic user I have
ever seen.
I glared up at him. Ive never used magic before, okay? I wasnt lying
when I said I was just a normal mortal before I ate that fruit.
He wagged his finger at me. For what its worth, I believe you.
I drew my legs up against my chest and wrapped my arms around them
before I set my chin atop my knees. I dont know what thats worth. I dont
know whats going on at all.
Then I will find a servant to help you understand the small things and
the big ones will be less of a concern, he promised me as he looked me up
and down. And I will see that she brings you a suitable set of clothes. Lord
Eastwei will no doubt be wanting his robe back.
I furrowed my brow as my thoughts strayed to the impassive man.
Anything to take my mind off my most epic of failures. Is he a lord or an
emperor?
Yushir lifted an eyebrow at me. That is an unusual question for you to
ask.
I shrugged. I heard that Pampir guy call him that in the garden.
My guest rolled his eyes and sighed. I see. That would explain
matters.
It does? I wondered.
Yushir nodded as he paced the ground in front of me. Pampir is always
trying to ingratiate himself with Lord Eastwei and he often does so by using
the lords old title.
Then Eastwei was an emperor? I guessed.
Many tens of millions of years ago, but he gave up the title and retired
to enjoy life in the heavens.
I choked on my spittle. Tens of millions of years?
Many of us live at least that long, he mused.
I murmured as I shook my head. I. . .I cant imagine living even one
percentage of that many years.
He chuckled. Nor could I before I hit my first million but those
afterward are much easier to manage.
I gaped at him. You. . .youre a million years old?
He cocked his head to one side and looked up at the sky as he furrowed
his brow. I believe I celebrated my fifteen millionth birthday a few
thousand years ago.
My jaw hit the ground. Youre joking.
He shook his head. Indeed, I am not. Barring injury or illness,
immortality is truly living forever.
I stared at him for a long moment before I snapped out of my stupor.
What do you guys do?
His eyes twinkled as he winked at me. There are always pleasures to
be had, such as teaching a certain new goddess how to use her magic.
I snorted. Thats going to take us another fifteen million years.
Perhaps, but I believe victory will come in due time. He set a hand on
my shoulder and I looked up into his gentle eyes. But you look tired. Rest
for a while. I will see to fetching you an attendant.
I turned my face away but nodded. Yushir slipped away through the
arches where I could just make out the guards standing in the shadow of the
high walls. My shoulders drooped and I eased myself onto my weary feet.
The lesson had taken its toll and I shuffled off to bed.
The furniture turned out to be incredibly comfortable and the blankets
were light and airy. I took a seat on the edge and looked down at myself.
The robe was so soft but I feared becoming entangled in its silky threads, so
I removed it.
I slipped beneath the covers and buried my head in the soft pillow.
Sleep took me a few minutes later.
CHAPTER EIGHT
Y , ?
The speaker was Prince Yushir and his partner in the conversation was
the stoic owner of the gardens in which Anna had fallen. The pair sat in
those same gardens under the cover of a small pavilion. A round table sat
between them and they were seated on rounded stools. A creek gurgled just
behind them and slipped past the foundation of the stone pavilion to settle
itself into a small pool. Fishes dashed about looking in search of food while
the sun glistened overhead.
The master of the gardens held a nearly-finished wooden flute in his
hand. The work pouch with the carving tools lay open on the table in front
of him. He didnt look up from his inspection to reply.
I hadnt noticed.
The prince tapped a finger against the table. Come come, my dear
Dadan. Surely you noticed her radiant beauty. Ive never seen anything
quite like it, though Ive crossed the five realms and ventured into the
mortal world more than my fair share of times. His companion didnt
reply, but Yushir wasnt deterred. He tapped the tip of his finger against the
table. And the more I speak with her the more I believe her tale. She is as
incompetent in magic as a newborn. He threw up his arms. She couldnt
even send out a spark!
I doubt she holds such an element, Dadan countered.
Yushir folded his arms over his chest and furrowed his brow. Yes, I had
thought of that. She does have the ethereal quality of we heavenly
immortals but there is something- He paused and furrowed his brow a
moment before he shook his head. No, I cannot describe it. Perhaps when
her element appears I will have my answer. The prince leaned back and
sighed. But she has certainly come at an ill time. A messenger arrived only
this morning to inform my uncle that another village in the lands immortal
realm has been attacked.
Dadan paused in his perusal and looked up with a sharp expression in
his eyes. Where?
The realm of the rabbits, I believe, Yushir mused as he tapped his
finger against his other folded arm. The village was the same as the others.
The immortals were dead, drained of their elements, and without a single
sign of struggle. I wonder if they even noticed their death before it came.
He shook his head. But perhaps death is so foreign to so many of us that
we would not recognize it even if we did see it. How long has it been since
we last went into battle, old friend?
Dadan returned to carving his flute. Fifty thousand years.
Yushir nodded. Ah, yes. When the wolf and the bear clans last fought.
What a terrible war that was. Who knew they hated each other so
viciously? He sighed and stood. But I must be going. I promised our new
friend that I would find her a maid. She is in desperate need of someone to
show her the way. He half-turned away but paused and looked over his
shoulder. By the way, do you wish for her to return your robe?
She may do with it as she pleases, was the offhand reply.
Yushir coyly smiled. There are many maidens here and below who
would give some of their beauty for a mere touch of your mantle. Perhaps
she will sell it to one of those desperate maidens.
Perhaps.
Yushir sighed and shook his head. Someday, old friend, I will see you
surprised and it will be a most joyous occasion for me.
That will be a day indeed, Dadan answered without looking up from
his craft.
Yushirs gaze fell on the instrument. You have been toiling away with
that thing for the better part of ten years. Will you never finish?
Dadan dug out a hair of a sliver from the inside of one of the holes. It
is nearly done.
The princes eyes widened. Then you will finally play it for me?
When I have tested it.
Yushir grinned and bowed his head. I look forward to that day. If you
will excuse me. Dadan almost imperceptibly inclined his head.
The prince hurried away from the pavilion and out into the main
thoroughfares of the vast kingdom of heaven. His eyes studied the many
female servants who hurried hither and thither to obey the words of their
mistresses.
Now where might I find a maid to help Lady Roberts, he mused as he
passed by a pair. One of them whispered to the other and they both giggled.
He shook his head. No. I cannot imagine her being so childish. Another
maid passed by with her nose perpetually stuck in the air. He wrinkled his
nose. I doubt they would be agreeable to one another.
Many paths fell behind him and Yushir had just about given up when a
lonely maid caught his attention. The woman was hardly more than twenty
with long brown hair and a brown streak of skin on her cheeks. Her attire
was the plain tan clothes of the help but a simple beaded bracelet hung on
one wrist.
She sat on her knees in front of one of the more lavish palaces with a
soapy brush in her hands and a bucket beside her. A sign hung over the pair
of wide wooden doors that read Gonglu Palace. She had tears in her eyes
as she scrubbed the ground.
Yushir sauntered over to the maiden and stopped at her side where he
leaned over to catch her eye. What worries you, my child? She started
back and whipped her head around. Her eyes were a startlingly bright
brown that was familiar to him. Are you not of the bear clan?
Her eyes widened with recognition and she scrambled to her feet where
she bowed low. Y-your Highness! My sincerest apologies! I didnt know
you were-
No need for any of that, he assured her as he looked her wet self over.
He nodded at the bucket. What were you doing just now?
She blushed and twined her fingers together in front of her. I. . .I was
commanded by Lady Shian to wash the floor outside the palace.
He lifted an eyebrow. That sounds like quite the task. And you were
charged with doing this alone?
She hung her head. Yes, Your Highness.
Why would she give you such a task? he inquired.
The young woman stiffened. I. . .I accidentally dropped her favorite
perfume jar. It shattered and as punishment, I was to wash the floor.
But surely that was just an accident, the prince mused.
She nodded. It was, Your Highness, but I was commanded by my
mistress and I must do as she says.
He studied the thin shaking frame in front of him and a crooked smile
slipped onto his lips. What is your name?
She fidgeted with her fingers. Its Arian Beran, Your Highness.
From your markings, I guess you are from the bear clan?
Yes, Your Highness.
Have you been in the heavens long?
About two years, Your Highness. She risked a tentative look up at
him. Might I. . .may I ask why Your Highness asks such questions?
I merely wish to inform your mistress that I have found a place better
suited for you.
Arians eyes lit up. Truly?
He nodded and swept an arm toward the archway. Shall we tell her
now or do you wish to finish the floor?
Arian lifted her chin and tossed the brush into the bucket with a hard
spelunk. The prince led the way through the arch and into the elegant
gardens of the Gonglu Palace. Trees lined both sides of the path and flowers
bloomed under the care of a half dozen maidens. They stopped their work
and bowed low to the prince as he passed, but they cast curious and
sometimes sharp looks at Arian who followed on his heels.
They arrived at the grand structure that housed the mistress of the
impressive palace. Transparent purple curtains covered much of the main
portico in front of the doors from the ever-present sun. A few reclining
cushions sat behind that protective covering and Lady Shian lounged in the
center of the chattering hens.
They stood at the arrival of His Highness and bowed. Lady Shian
smiled mischievously at the prince Your Highness, you are very early to
my party. It is not for a few weeks yet.
And I look forward to your plentiful table, but other matters have
brought me here, he revealed as he used an arm to gesture to Arian. I wish
to assign your maid here to another goddess.
Shian looked over the young girl and frowned. Another goddess? I fear
you have been deceived. This maid is not fit for the heavens as her actions
have shown.
The prince smiled. Still, I wish for your leave to reassign her.
Shian laughed. You do not need my permission, Your Highness. Do as
you wish with her and I wish her future mistress good luck.
Yushir inclined his head to the party. Thank you and good day.
He turned and caught Arians eye. The maid eagerly followed him out
of the palace and onto the main thoroughfare. The prince was all smiles but
the young maid had trepidation written all across her face.
I do not mean to sound ungrateful, Your Highness, but to whom have I
been assigned?
You have no doubt heard we have a new goddess among us, he
commented.
She jerked to a stop and her eyes widened. The one found in Lord
Eastweis garden?
He half-turned to her with a questioning eyebrow. Yes. Is that a
problem?
Arian bit her lower lip. I. . .I do not think Lady Shian will be pleased to
hear I have been given to her.
And why not? the prince persisted.
She. . .she was not pleased to hear the circumstances of her arrival and
thinks she is unfit to be among the heavenly gods.
Yushir smiled. Then I think this is the perfect post for you. Lady Shian
will be certain to keep her distance from our new acquaintance and so you
will rarely meet.
Arian didnt look completely convinced but she bowed her head. If you
believe so then it must be true, Your Highness.
Now let us see you to your new mistress.
CHAPTER NINE
M . I
haunted by visions of glowing fruit and disapproving faces shrouded in
shadows. A handsome pair of cold eyes appeared out of the darkness and I
found myself slightly comforted.
And then I woke up.
I blinked against the bright sunlight as I sat up. I wasnt in my
apartment bedroom but in the unfamiliar quarters assigned to me by the
king of heaven. My heart sank a little, but I flung aside the covers and
swung my legs over the side.
Good morning, Lady Roberts.
I jumped a foot in the air and crashed onto the floor. A strangled gasp
came from the doorway and delicate feet padded across the floor. A strange
woman with brown hair hurried up to me and knelt by my side.
Forgive me, Lady Roberts! she pleaded as she grasped my arm. I did
not mean to startle you!
I blinked up at her. Who are you?
My name is Arian. Prince Yushir has assigned me to you as your
maid, she explained as she looked me over. But are you hurt?
I shook my head. N-no, Im fine. I didnt fall very far.
Please allow me to help you stand, she begged as she hefted me to my
feet with more strength than I gave her slim frame credit for. I thought you
had seen me and only meant to wish you a good morning.
I sat on the edge of the bed and patted her hand which still grasped my
arm. Im fine, really. I was just a little startled, thats all and theres no
harm done.
Arian stepped back with a face as white as a sheet and her hands
grasped in front of her. Y-you are sure?
The poor girl looked so terrified that my heart melted for her, as did
much of my own insecurities. Here was another soul who felt a little bit like
a fish out of water.
I offered her a conciliatory smile. Im sure. Now then- I leaned back
on my arms and looked her over, -what exactly do we do for each other?
She blinked at me. Do for each other, Lady Roberts? I am here to serve
you and fetch what you may require.
I stood and she backed up a bit. Anything I require?
She bit her lower lip. Within reason, Lady Roberts.
What about if I told you to stop calling me that?
Calling you what, Lady Roberts?
That, I told her. Im no lady or any other title.
But Prince Yushir-
Is very nice but my names Anna, I told her as I held out my hand.
And its a pleasure to meet you, Arian. I think were going to get along just
fine. Her eyes darted between my face and my offered hand, but after a
moment she eased her hand out. I gave hers a hearty shake and grinned.
See? Now then, Arian, the prince told me you could help me figure out
how to live up here.
She nodded. I do have some experience here, Lady- I lifted one finger
and gave her a look of warning. A ghost of a smile appeared on her face and
she nodded. That is, I may be able to answer any questions you might
have, Anna.
Thats better, I complimented her. Now where should I start to fit in
here?
She studied my attire. I would suggest some other clothes.
I laughed and stretched out my arms. I dont look very good in this, do
I?
She shook her head. Oh, no! On the contrary, you look wonderful!
Her eyes widened and she clapped her hands over her mouth. My
apologies. I did not mean to speak so freely.
I folded my arms over my chest and looked her over. I think both of us
have a lot of learning to do, but well start with the clothes.
Arian only too eagerly scooted over to a wardrobe situated in the far
corner. She opened the doors and revealed a wide assortment of robes.
Some were short and others longer, and their colors were all a becoming
creamy tan and white. She sorted through them and picked up a light pink
robe.
I think this will match your eyes very well, she assured me as she
hurried back to the bed.
I took the robe and admired the color. Really? I dont think itll match
my brown hair at all.
But your hair is silver, Lady-Anna, she told me.
I looked down at my long tresses and sheepishly smiled at her. Right. I
forgot about that. I could see the curiosity in her eyes but she didnt ask. It
would have been a little unbelievable to explain, even to myself.
Arian helped me into the many layers of robes and I was glad for the
assistance. The cloth would have strangled me many times over and been a
total mess without her help. In a few minutes, I found myself standing in
front of the full-length mirror staring in disbelief at my reflection.
I was. . .beautiful. Not just cute, but, well, godly. My silver hair
shimmered in the bright sun and my eyes shone against the becoming soft
pink and white robes. The adorable slipper shoes on my feet seemed to
make me float across the floor.
Arian stood beside me beaming with pride. You look wonderful,
Anna.
I shook off my shock and smiled at her. Its all thanks to you. I
wouldve been in a lot of trouble without your help.
She bowed her head to me. It was my pleasure. A soft rumble came
from my clothed belly. I sheepishly smiled at her and her eyes twinkled.
Would you like me to fetch breakfast?
I set a hand on my stomach and nodded. I think so.
She half-turned toward the door but paused and nodded at the discarded
robe on the foot of the bed. What do you wish for me to do with the robe?
I turned toward the bed and took a step. My untrained foot stepped on
the front of my long robe and I let out a squeak before crashing to the floor.
My Lady! Arian cried out as she rushed to my side.
My other robes had swallowed me up and she was quick to pull them
off my head. I sputtered on my hair and spat out some long strands. I think
Im going to need some practice with this stuff.
Arian could barely contain her smile as she helped me to my feet. I am
sure you will soon walk as beautifully as you appear.
I snorted and patted her shoulder which made her eyes widen. Lets
hope that comes before I kill myself on these robes.
I brushed out a few wrinkles while Arian worked on those at my back.
In a few moments we had me straightened out and looking decent, but my
exhilaration was somewhat dampened. There was still the matter of the
borrowed garment.
I moved over to the bed and brushed my hand over the silken surface. I
think we should return it. After its cleaned, that is.
She took up the robe and nodded. I will see to it after breakfast.
I gingerly followed Arian to the entry room and took a seat at the short
table. A quick inspection of the place made me realize something. Wheres
the kitchen?
There is a shared kitchen for the palaces, Arian explained as she
nodded at the door. I will see what is available and fetch it for you. She
bowed and hurried out.
I sighed and stretched my robes around myself. My efforts proved to be
hilarious as I soon looked like a puffed-out and squishy umbrella. Still, the
clothes were both cool and warm at the same time, and airy enough that I
felt like I was sitting on a cloud.
Arian soon returned with a tray and a silver dome covered the plate. She
set it before me and lifted the cloche to reveal a scrumptious platter of
meats and vegetables all mixed together and spotted with spices. Steam
wafted up and I inhaled a scent and spicy scent.
This smells so good, I complimented as I picked up the fork and made
to dig in. I paused when I noticed a problem. Arent you going to eat?
Arian stood at my side with empty hands. I will eat after you.
I frowned. Id rather you eat with me.
It is customary for we maids to eat after our mistress.
I sighed before I set my fork down and folded my arms. The wide bell
sleeves meant I could tuck my hands into their soft folds. I dont want to
be your mistress, I want to be your friend, and that means we eat together or
we starve together.
She bit her lower lip and glanced at the open door. But I am supposed
to-
Sit right down here, I quipped as I grabbed her hand and yanked her
down onto the mat beside me. I pushed the plate so it sat between us. And
eat beside me.
She blushed. Then, by all means, you eat first, My- I pointed the fork
tongs at her. Anna.
I drew my utensil away and a thought struck me that made me
sheepishly smile at her. I guess there is only one fork, isnt there?
She nodded. So you may eat first.
And then you finish it off, I insisted as I dug into the mountain.
Because I cant eat all this by myself, anyway.
CHAPTER TEN
I A . S
was reluctant at first, eating only as much as a frightened mouse would risk
grabbing. I pushed the plate closer to her and nodded. She took the hint and
dug into the delicious meal.
With her preoccupied and me not, I now had a good chance to take a
look at my new acquaintance. There was one peculiar aspect of her that
caught my attention. What are those markings on your cheeks? Arian
froze and a heavy blush accented her cheeks. I felt as if someone squeezed
my heart. Im sorry. I was just asking if they were special.
She set her hand on the table with the fork on the plate and nodded.
They are the mark of my clan.
I cocked my head to one side. They have clans in heaven?
She pushed around the food with her utensil. No. I am from the Land
Immortal realm. My clan is the bear clan.
Bear clan? You worship them? I guessed.
Arian hung her head so low I could barely see her face. No. We are
able to transform into them.
I sat up in a stupor as I tried to process what she was telling me. The
idea of the little short girl before me transforming into a wild beast was too
ridiculous to believe. Then again, I was sitting at a table in a hall of heaven.
Like fangs and claws and fur? I asked her.
She didnt dare look at me as she bobbed her head. Yes. . .
I stared at her a moment longer before a smile spread across my face. I
lunged at her and grabbed her hand so suddenly that the fork in the other
hand clattered onto the plate. Arian started back and we found ourselves
staring into each others eyes. Mine were filled with wonder while hers
were very confused.
That is so neat! I squealed as I squeezed her hand. Can you do it any
time you want or do you have to wait for a full moon?
She blinked at me a moment before she cleared her throat. I-I can
change at any moment, but. . .
A little bit of my joy drained when I watched her bite her lower lip.
What is it?
She turned her face away from me. Are you not ashamed to have one
such as me serve you? My last mistress was. . .
I blinked at her. Why would I be ashamed of that?
Arian cast a furtive glance in my direction. I am from a lowly land clan
while you are of the heavenly immortals.
Im from Brookston, I told her as I leaned to one side to capture her
gaze. Im sure it isnt any more glamorous than where youre from and
some places look a lot better than a bear den.
Oh no! Arian replied as she shook her head. We dont live in dens
any longer. We have built a small city around our old caves and we live in
houses.
Id like to see that someday, I mused as I drew my hands into my lap.
It sounds really interesting and reminds me more of home than here.
Perhaps when His Majesty allows, you will be able to visit with me,
she suggested.
I grinned. Id like that. Now then- I pushed the plate closer to her, -
how about you finish your meal and we can go enjoy the sunshine?
Arian smiled and nodded before she dug into the remainder of the food.
I couldnt help but stare at her with a new sense of awe. She looked so
normal. It made me wonder if anyone Id met was what they appeared to
be.
My new friend cleaned the plate and tried to stand with the empty
platter. I snatched the plate and set it on the table before I grabbed her hand
and jumped to my feet. Work later. A breath of fresh air now.
I led her to the door or tried to. The robes were still attempting my
murder and I took each step with a small sense of dread. We reached the
small porch that covered the front of the hall and I stopped to admire the
view. The path that ran from the arch to the porch was in the shape of an
uppercase L. The tree took up the empty void inside the letter while grass
surrounded the outside of the alphabet shape. The whole space was
probably no more than two hundred feet square and was surrounded by a
wall some fifteen feet high and half a foot thick.
It was all so inviting so I took an easy stroll down the path to admire the
greenery. I stopped in the middle of the garden and lifted an arm over my
head before I looked up at the sky. The shadow of my limb protected most
of my peering eyes from the bright sun. A thought struck me that made me
frown.
Is something the matter? Arian asked me.
Is it just me or does that sun never seem to move? I wondered.
She shook her head. It isnt just you. The sun never sets in the land of
the heavenly gods. There is no night nor even a morning, but all is sunny
every hour.
My face drooped and I dropped my arm to my side before looking at
her. So no stars?
None, Im afraid.
I pursed my lips as I thought back to that beautiful night sky under
which Id been transported here. A sigh escaped me.
Arian set a hand on my sleeve. Are you sure youre well? We might go
back inside-
I smiled and shook my head. Im fine. I could use some fresh air after
that nap.
We continued our little walk down the lane and soon arrived at the
archway. The long, wide road with the paving stones ran past and I couldnt
help but be tempted by what lay on the other side of those imperious walls.
I neared the arch and stretched my neck to catch a good view of the
thoroughfare.
Arian caught my arm in both her hands and tugged me back. You
mustnt lean out too far!
I looked over my shoulder at her. Why?
Because I will sense it.
I started back as Yushir moved out of his hiding spot on the other side of
the wall. A mischievous but stern smile lay on his lips as he walked in front
of me, forcing me backward away from the arch.
Sense it? I repeated.
He swept an arm over the sky above the grounds. The air rippled like
the surface of water and there was even a slight bluish tinge that wasnt
there before. The effect lasted only a moment before it faded back to
obscurity. I have placed a spell around this place that alerts me to anyone
entering or leaving.
My heart fell. Why?
Because my uncle has entrusted you in my care and I take his
commands very seriously, he mused as he set a hand on my shoulder and
turned me around to face the hall. We strolled down the garden path as he
stared ahead. But what of your magic practice?
I winced. I. . .havent really done anything. . .
He stopped us beside the grassy spot where my last lesson had taken
place and clapped his hands on my shoulders. Then we should get you
started on todays practice. I will watch while you perform the motions I
have already taught you.
My face drooped but I plopped down on the green and crossed my legs.
I took a deep breath and prepared for the inevitable failure.
I wasnt disappointed. After an hour of attempting even a tiny puff of
magic, all I had to show for it were some tired arms and a slightly flustered
teacher.
He had his arms crossed and paced the path in front of me. Surely you
must have some gift.
I used my sleeve to wipe away some of the sweat. Maybe Im not
really a goddess.
Yushir shook his head. That is impossible. You carry the mantle on
your shoulders as we all do.
I looked down at myself. I dont see anything.
He smiled and tapped the side of his temple with one hand. One must
learn these skills through a training of the mind over many years.
How many years?
Some thirty thousand.
My face drooped. Thats a long time for one trick.
He chuckled. That trick has helped save me many times in battle. A
mortal is much easier to kill than an immortal.
My eyebrows shot up. You guys go to war?
Not for many thousands of years, but yes, we have fought in many
battles. Fortunately, most took place a very long time ago, back before the
realms were divided up as they are now. His eyes took on a faraway look.
Immortals mingled with mortals then and the beast clans constantly vied
for territory. Lord Eastwei had his hands full tamping down one dispute
after another.
I cocked my head to one side. Why would he have done that?
Yushir smiled and turned to me. At that time Eastwei was no mere lord
but the Emperor of the One Realm. He relinquished his title when they were
separated.
I thought back to that handsome but icy-cold face. So how did he
become the emperor?
Through might and wisdom, and because he hailed from another land,
Yushir explained.
I furrowed my brow. Wouldnt that last one be bad?
The prince toyed with his ring as he shook his head. Not at all. Deep in
the very beginnings none of the clans and gods trusted one another.
Eastwei, without any such familial or diplomatic ties, was seen as a neutral
party, so he was elected emperor.
But didnt he belong to the heaven gods? I pointed out.
Oh no. He hailed from the far east and was without kin, or so far as I
can get out of him. Yushir wrinkled his nose. He is closed-mouth about
much, and most especially his past. I can hardly get him to speak about our
past battles together. He shook himself from his reverie and smiled down
at me. But you appear tired and I must make a report to my uncle about
your progress. I will return tomorrow and we will continue your training. I
am sure you will see some progress after a day or two. He bowed his head
and left.
My heart fell and the muscles in my arms twinged at the coming
morrow.
CHAPTER ELEVEN
T . E, ,
sleeping, and all within the confines of those high walls. Another morning
came and I peeked out the door at the gardens. All was peaceful and calm.
Birds chirped their merry tune as they had all the mornings before.
Arian came up behind me with an encouraging smile. You neednt go
out and practice today. Prince Yushir said he would not come until
tomorrow.
I shrugged. I dont really have anything else to do.
Arian stepped up to my side with my half-finished breakfast plate in her
hands and studied my face. You look pale this morning. Perhaps you
should rest.
I offered her a smile. Im fine, just a little tired. Maybe some fresh air
would help.
Perhaps you have been trying too hard to use your magic? she
suggested.
I snorted. I dont think theres any harm in that. I dont seem to have
any. I paused and looked her over. You have magic, dont you?
She nodded. Oh, yes. All immortals- She stopped herself and dropped
her gaze to the ground as she fidgeted with her fingers. That is, many of us
have magic.
I set a hand on her shoulder. Its okay. Ive lived my whole life without
magic so I wont notice if I dont have it now.
Arian bit her lower lip. There. . .there may be a way to reveal your
magic.
Her words piqued my interest. How?
She furrowed her brow. One of my uncles was slow in learning his
magic. My grandfather decided he needed only motivation and threw him
into a huge snake pit. My face drooped so far that Arian paled. She held up
her hands in front of her and shook her head. That is, I would never
suggest that you place yourself in harms way, only that perhaps you, um,
lack motivation.
A snort escaped me and I slid my hand off her shoulder. You might be
right. I dont exactly feel that motivated to do magic. I mean, what would I
use it for?
Perhaps you have creation magic, she suggested.
My eyebrows shot up. Whats that?
The ability to craft items out of nothing with only your thoughts, she
explained as she held up the plate in her hands. This food is crafted from
the thoughts of the cooks in the kitchen.
All of it? I asked her.
She smiled and shook her head. No. That is, it can be, but the best-
tasting food comes from real gardens and meat. A meal as simple as
breakfast, though, can be easily made with creation magic. The vegetables
and such are created by magic and the rest is fresh.
I stared at the bits of food with new admiration. And I might be able to
do that?
Many of those in the heavens can, she revealed as she looked me up
and down. And you have all the beauty of those among the clouds.
I laughed and clapped a hand on her shoulder. And youre just as
beautiful, and we can stop there at exchanging compliments before we both
get embarrassed. Anyway- I turned my head to face the gardens and
sighed, -I should try to get some magic going or I wont ever be able to
make even an omelet.
We parted ways with Arian tending to the chores and me practicing my
magic gestures. I sat cross-legged in the same spot as I had dozens of times
before but even with the incentive of practical magic my heart wasnt into
the motions. Finally, I dropped my arms into my lap and sighed.
Is something the matter? Arian wondered as she came up to me with a
tea platter in her hands.
I gave her a sheepish smile. I. . .I guess I was hoping the life of a
goddess would be a little more glamorous, or at least a little more exciting.
Who knew Id start to miss all those invites for a Friday night get-together?
There are many ways the other goddesses amuse themselves that you
havent seen, she assured me as she knelt and set the platter on the grass
beside me.
I leaned toward her. Like what?
She paused and furrowed her brow. There are the magic competitions
once a year. Oh, and the parties. They very much enjoy inviting one another
to their palaces for a small gathering to enjoy a special tea or a new food.
I drew my legs up against my chest and set my chin on my knees. A
party sounds like a fun idea. Arian froze and a strange expression lit up her
face. I cocked my head to one side. What is it?
She bit her lip. There is a party scheduled for today and not too far
from here.
My head shot up. Really? Could we see it from here?
Im afraid not.
My whole body drooped and I dropped my chin back onto my knees.
Oh. . .
There was some reluctance in her voice and she spoke slowly.
However, we may be able to view it in person.
I lifted an eyebrow. How?
You might leave here with me.
But I cant leave. Yushir would feel it and find me, and then wed both
be in trouble, I pointed out.
Arian bit her lower lip. There. . .there may be a way out of the hall
grounds.
My ears perked up at her words. Really? How?
My maidservant nodded at the sky. His Highness has cast a net over
the whole of the hall but he may not have cast his magic deep into the
ground. We might dig our way under the wall and escape through there.
I looked around us at the high walls. That doesnt sound easy to do. I
mean, arent these walls thick at the base?
Arian nodded. They are but I believe I can dig through under them
without issue. I have dug many tree holes near the walls and have found
that their foundations only sink a foot or two.
Im not going to let you dig alone, I insisted as I climbed to my feet
and looked about us. I just need a shovel.
She smiled and shook her head. There is no need for that. However, I
would ask that you hold my clothes while I dig.
I froze and blinked at her. Hold. . .your clothes?
Yes. They will be damaged if I transform in them and my clan being
from the earth, we do not have creation magic to conjure up a new set.
I studied her thin physique. Are you sure about this? I dont want to get
you into trouble just because I have cabin fever. She blinked at me. Just
because I want to see something other than these four walls.
She bowed her head to me. It would be my pleasure to show you
around and perhaps a little exploration will darken the paleness on your
cheeks.
I reached up and brushed my fingers against my cheek. Its that bad?
She lifted her gaze to me and pursed her lips. Your color does make me
worry.
I dropped my hand to my side and sighed. Alright, but we run at the
first sign of trouble, alright?
She bobbed her head. Oh yes, now we had better hurry. The party is set
to begin at noon at the Gonglu Palace.
I followed her to the rear of the compound near the wrap-around porch.
The corner of the area was decorated with flowerbeds and gravel lining.
Arian stopped in front of the wall and began removing her clothes.
My mouth dropped open. Youre really going to undress?
Of course, she replied as she turned to me holding her outer clothing.
Did you still wish to leave?
I pursed my lips and swept my eyes over the garden. The beauty was
stale. More than ever.
She held out her clothes. Then please hold these.
I took her garments and she removed the rest of them. A slight blush
accented my cheeks as modesty demanded I look away. Still, I couldnt help
but cast a furtive look out of the corner of my eyes as my naked
maidservant stepped up to the wall.
She stretched out her arms on either side of her and a soft brown glow
surrounded her. My eyes widened as brown fur sprouted from her body and
her muscles began to expand. She grew a foot and dropped onto all fours.
Her hands and feet transformed into huge paws that ended in sharp claws.
Arian shook her whole body and a few bits of loose fur flew before she
went to work. I stepped back and gaped at my companion as she buried her
thick long claws into the earth. The dirt didnt stand a chance as she dug
away at the soil two feet down. She soon found the foundation of the wall
and dug a little deeper to create a sizeable hole beneath the stone.
After about ten minutes, she wiggled her way into her hole and
continued digging. I wondered if she was part gopher, so skillfully did she
claw through the soil. Her short stubby tail soon disappeared and a moment
later her human head popped out the other side.
Hurry! she whispered to me.
I handed Arian her clothes and slipped into the hole. The tunnel was
plenty big enough for me and I soon crawled out and stood. Arian nearly
had her clothes back on and hurried to brush off the bits of dirt that clung to
me.
I had my first good look at the heavenly kingdom since my kind
imprisonment. We stood in front of the long wall that surrounded my
compound and another wall joined it and stretched another fifty yards down
a plain narrow road. A portico stood on the opposite side of the stone path
but there was no access on our side to the building it surrounded. Thick
stone columns held up the heavy angled roof which provided shade to the
weary walker.
Arian swept an arm toward the row of columns that supported the
portico. It is this-
What are you doing there?
CHAPTER TWELVE
A
which she quickly tucked me behind. She pressed a finger to her lips before
she turned to face the man who had yelled at us. It was a guard and he
grasped his spear in both hands as he hurried up to her.
What are you doing here? he questioned her. His curious eyes
inspected the area and invariably discovered the hole. What is this? he
demanded to know as he stabbed a finger at the tunnel.
Arian grasped her hands behind her and smiled at him. My sincerest
apologies. I thought you had been alerted to the digging today.
The guard frowned at her. Digging? What digging?
My companion nodded at the hole even as I noticed one of her hands
move. One of her fingers pointed to my left. The party was in that direction.
However, I hesitated. I couldnt just leave her in that situation, not
alone.
Answer me! the guard snapped.
Arian stabbed her finger that way and turned her head slightly to the left
so one eye caught mine. The depths of hers pleaded with me and I
understood. Things would get far worse if I was discovered.
I reluctantly slipped away but not before catching Arians reply. I
noticed a crack in the wall a few days ago and notified Prince Yushir that I
would see if there was structural damage to the wall.
Good one I thought as I scurried down the portico. Nobody would want
to ask the prince if he knew about digging out of risk that they had been
told and forgotten about the digging themselves. No royal would be happy
with a forgetful guard.
Arian had saved us but I dearly wished for her guidance when I reached
the end of the shaded porch. I found myself at a four-way intersection with
three decisions. Arians directions, however, had pointed to my right and so
I traveled that way, making sure to keep to the shadows of the wrap-around
portico. The walking path was wider than the one I just left and the wall
opposite where I walked had vines growing over the top. I glimpsed the tall
peaks of a luxurious palace set away from the wall, and the tops of trees
also poked their branched heads above the barriers.
I was relieved when I came across an archway with words above the
door that read Gonglu Palace. Here was my stop. I peeked around the
column behind which I hid and inspected the area. The sun was no help at
all in telling me the hour, but I heard voices deep within the compound.
I crept across the wide road and tiptoed up the short flight of wide steps
to the gate where I peeked inside. The extensive grounds were decked out in
carefully arranged grass plots with tall, white-barked trees. A small brook
gurgled through the middle and was traversed via a bowed wooden bridge.
A palace stood on the other side and was accessed via a set of closed doors.
To the left was another portico that ran along the length of the bundle of
low buildings connected to the main hall set some thirty yards back from
the front.
There was no one around so I slipped down the path and across the
bridge. Fish darted away from my shadow and I briefly considered stopping
to admire the view, but the same voices as before could be heard, and they
were louder. I ducked around the left side of the building toward the portico
and had to hunker low to avoid being seen through a half dozen open
windows.
They allowed me to see a long hall that stretched from the front to the
portico connection. A few servants stood in the middle of the room but the
talking came from the very rear. I reached the portico and tiptoed across the
covered path, thankful the door to the hall was closed. I came up to the
second row of columns that held up the heavy roof and a row of bushes
followed them. I worked my way over them and found a good hiding spot
situated beside one of the open windows.
The voices floated out and I gingerly peeked my head above the sill.
Four low and small tables were positioned with two opposite the other pair.
Yushir and Lord Eastwei were seated on mats opposite the door while I
glimpsed the backs of two women at the other seats. A host of servants
stood around waiting for orders.
This was my chance at a good look at the former emperor and I was still
struck by how handsome he was. There wasnt a single hair out of place nor
a wrinkle to be found on his perfectly smooth skin. His dark eyes stared
nonchalantly at the table in front of him as one hand lay in his lap. He was
the picture of cool serenity. I wondered if those cute lips knew how to
laugh.
The young woman who sat opposite the icy lord was a beauty to behold.
She also had a slight upward tilt to her nose that told me she was
accustomed to getting her way.
I cannot begin to describe the pleasure I have in serving you today,
she cooed as she smiled and bowed her head to the pair.
Prince Yushir shook his head. The pleasure is all ours, Lady Shian.
Your hospitality is legendary.
Shian blushed. You flatter me, Your Highness. Her attention fell on
the lord who draped an arm over an armrest. His listless eyes stared down at
the empty table in front of him. May I ask how your flute is progressing,
Dadan? I do hope to hear you play it soon.
Perhaps in a month, the lord answered without lifting his eyes.
Then I will wait impatiently for that time, she assured him as she
looked at the empty tables. But our food should be arriving soon.
Noise from down the path turned my attention in that direction and I
watched four maidens hurry from the far end where another gate led outside
the compound. They each carried a tray with covered plates in their hands.
The door was opened by a few maids inside and the four slipped in.
They set the trays before the guests and Lady Shian smiled at the two
men. I cooked these steaks especially for your visit today. They are crafted
from my own special seasoning which I crafted for you alone.
The servants lifted the covers and revealed thick hunks of steak. They
hadnt been cooked long as a puddle of blood pooled around the meat. A
heavy mountain of spice sat atop the steak and a strong aroma wafted off
the food and struck my nostrils. I clapped a hand over my nose to keep from
sneezing.
Prince Yushir covered his face but couldnt stop the small cough that
escaped his hand. A very interesting aroma, Lady Shian.
She sat up and puffed out her chest a little. Thank you, Your Highness.
I assure you the flavor is even better.
The prince took up his knife and fork, and he plunged the blade into the
meat. Even more blood poured out. He was mindful to keep as far from the
mountain of spices as he could manage and managed to cut off a slim bit of
food. Yushir lifted the meat to his lips and stared at it for a moment.
I covered my mouth to stifle a laugh. He looked like a prisoner
contemplating suicide. The prince took a deep breath and gobbled the whole
bit in one go. He chewed quickly but the tension at the corners of his eyes
and mouth told the full story.
The man swallowed hard and managed a shaky smile. An interesting
flavor, Lady Shian. I have never tasted anything quite like it.
Shian bowed her head. Thank you, Your Highness. Her eager eyes fell
on Eastwei who hadnt even picked up his utensils. Will you not try it,
Dadan?
Eastwei picked up his knife and touched a bit of the spice. He lifted the
tip to his nose and pressed it lightly against his lips. Yushir looked on with
envy. There was a long pause before the lord gave his opinion. As the
prince says, it is quite interesting. You have been working to improve your
cooking skills?
Oh yes, Shian confirmed as she cut into her steak. I remember when
I was young you would always humor my failed attempts, but now I no
longer have to be humored by you. She popped a bit of the meat into her
mouth and her good humor dropped away like a smile at a funeral.
Is something the matter, Lady Shian? Yushir wondered.
The hostess forced herself to swallow and managed a shaky smile.
This is. . .not quite what I expected. My maidservants may have added a
touch bit too much spice.
Did they assist you in crafting our meal? he inquired.
Only in the steak, she assured them as she set her utensils down. But
perhaps you would like to try a new tea I crafted just for this occasion.
The prince smiled and bowed his head. A warm cup of tea would be
most delightful.
Servant, tea! Shian called out with a more crisp tone than she
intended.
I would have laughed at the scene if the mood hadnt been so dire. I
even felt sorry for the pompous hostess. Her smile was now a stretched
fabrication but her eyes showed her worry. The tea was her last chance at
saving her party.
I heard footsteps and scooted over to the nearest column which I hid
behind. I glimpsed a maidservant hurrying in the direction of the hall. She
held a large tray with a tea set on top. Here was the fabled tea that would be
Shians salvation. I hoped it would please everyone.
It was then I felt a strange tingling in my fingers. I glanced down and
my heart skipped a beat. A soft silver light filled with sparkling glitter
emanated from my palms. I shook my hands wildly trying to dislodge the
strange warm glow.
The servant approached me and the light flew up and out onto the
walkway. It zipped behind the servant like a bunch of shooting stars,
causing a wind in its wake. The servant stiffened and shut her eyes against
the sudden gust, and as she did so the light flew around her front and
slipped into the teapot.
I clapped my hands over my mouth to stifle my cry of surprise. The
maidservant who personally attended Shian hurried out of the hall and
noticed the cringing carrier. Her eyebrows crashed down and she stomped
over to her compatriot.
What are you doing? she hissed as she stabbed a finger at the
doorway to the hall. Stop dallying and carry the tray inside immediately!
The lowly servant bowed her head and scurried past her superior. The
incensed maid recovered her composure and followed the other one into the
hall. I crawled over to the window and peeked inside.
The carrier knelt in front of Shians table and set the platter down. The
hostess poured out a few cups of the drink and a sweet scent filled the air.
Shian paused and furrowed her brow before her eyes darted up to sharply
study the servant in front of her. Are you sure this is the tea I prepared?
The servants face paled and she nodded. Yes, My Lady. There was no
other tea set in the kitchen when I went to fetch it.
Is there a problem, Lady Shian? the prince spoke up.
Shian plastered the fake smile back on her face. Of course not. I was
merely confirming this was my tea. Now then- She stood with a cup and
moved over to Lord Eastweis table which she knelt in front of and set the
cup down. If My Lord would do me the honors of tasting the tea.
Eastwei appeared to be completely indifferent to her honors but he
picked up the cup and set the rim against his mouth. He tipped the holder
just enough that a little bit of the drink touched his lips. He paused for a
moment before he drew the cup away to study the contents.
Shian looked to be on the verge of a mental collapse. What do you
think?
It is very sweet, he commented as he licked his lips. And very
delicate. It is a good drink.
Shians whole body softened and she smiled at him. Im so glad you
like it.
Then perhaps I might have a cup? the prince pleaded.
Of course, Shian obliged and she hurriedly offered him a cup.
Yushir took a sip and his eyes widened. This is delicious! he
proclaimed and the compliment made Shians smile widen. I dont believe
Ive ever tasted such a sweet flavor before. What are the ingredients?
Shian laughed. If I told you then I would not have any way to tempt
you both to return.
The prince lifted his drink and offered her a toast and a smile. With
drinks and company such as these, how could one resist?
You are too kind, Your Highness, she cooed.
Yushir moved to take another sip and his gaze floated in my direction.
Our eyes met and the color drained from my face. I ducked down and
crawled away, knowing there was no chance he hadnt seen me.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
H ?
That question nagged Prince Yushir as he sat on his mat waiting
impatiently for the visitation to end. His tea cup was empty but his plate
was only moderately touched, enough to not appear rude. Something caught
his attention and he leaned over toward his indifferent companion.
Dadan has finished his tea, as well he mused with more than a little
surprise. When have I ever seen him finish anything at a meal?
More tea? Shian offered as she held up the teapot.
Prince Yushir shook himself from the grasp of his curiosity and drew
himself to a straight position. No, thank you. I am curious to know since
you will not divulge the recipe, where you fetched this unique ingredient.
Shians smile tensed and she gripped the teapot tighter in both hands.
She set down the pot and grasped her hands in her lap. If I were to tell you
the location then you may guess the ingredients.
Something is amiss here he commented to himself.
We should be going, Dadan spoke up as he stood.
Shians face fell and she scrambled to her feet. So soon? And you have
not yet finished your meal.
Yushir hurried to stand and nodded. Im afraid so. I must report to my
uncle about our new guest.
Then surely you might stay a little longer, Dadan, she pleaded.
He may add some much-needed advice on handling our guest, Yushir
interjected.
The corners of Shians lips twitched downward toward a frown but her
upbringing forced her mouth into a smile. She clasped her hands in front of
her and bowed her head to them. Then I thank you for coming to visit me
and may you soon return.
The men inclined their heads in return and left through the main doors,
opened to them by a pair of maidservants. Yushir and his companion
strolled across the bridge and through the main archway to the road.
Yushir turned to his friend. I thought the Stewardess of the Palaces was
required to have cooking training as well as know how to maintain the
grounds and buildings.
Her family thought it beneath her, Dadan replied.
The prince sighed and toyed with his ring. Such is the benefit of
belonging to such an old and distinguished family. The corners of his
friends lips twitched upward as he studied him. Yushir laughed. Of course,
I would know of such benefits but I hope they wont be to the detriment of
my guests appetites. If you have no other way to scold me then I will take
my leave.
The prince turned and strolled down the road a few steps before he
noticed something amiss. He turned and discovered that his companion
followed on his heels.
Yushir lifted an eyebrow. Is there something you need?
I am merely following the road, Dadan replied.
But your palace is in the other direction, Yushir reminded him.
The imperial palace is also in the opposite direction.
Yushir adjusted his shoulders and cleared his throat. So it is, but I have
a few words to say to our guest before I speak with my uncle. He turned
away and strolled down the path. If youll excuse me-
Those words wouldnt involve the diversion we just attended, would
they?
The prince stiffened and his frantic mind tried to conjure up excuses. He
slapped a smile on his face and half-turned to his curious companion. Of
course not. What makes you think that?
Dadans sharp and dark eyes studied him while a smile threatened to
dance across his otherwise straight lips. You have had a rather strange
expression on your face since the serving of the tea.
Yushir shrugged. Perhaps I was affected by the flavor. It was rather
unique. I will have to remember my expression the next time I have some.
If youll excuse me.
He bowed and strode off, taking care not to appear to be in too much of
a hurry. The prince didnt stop until he reached the far end of the block
where he paused near the portico pillar and glanced over his shoulder. The
road was empty.
That man is frightfully persistent. . . he murmured to himself before
heading off.
A dour task lay before Yushir as he followed the high walls on his right.
The prince marched through the archway and into the small garden with its
quaint hall. He stomped up the stairs and stopped in the doorway. The
strange goddess and her maidservant were seated at the table and both
turned to the door at his appearance. Both also had expressions of guilt on
their faces.
He pursed his lips and strode over to the table where he stood over the
young goddess. You were very reckless today.
Lady Roberts bowed her head and nodded. Im sorry. I didnt mean
any harm.
He pursed his lips. Whether you did or not is not the issue. You
purposely escaped my ward and could have been seen a dozen times over
by any of the maidservants or even Lady Shian herself. Do you know how
unfamiliar you are, even to the residents of heaven?
Lady Roberts stretched out her arms on either side and looked down at
herself. Do I stand out that much?
As greatly as a cat in a hound kennel, he commented as he paced the
floor in front of the table. He paused and wagged a finger at her. You could
have ruined all the goodwill your patience has earned regarding my uncles
opinion of you and for what? A chance to see a dinner engagement?
Lady Roberts turned her face away and her voice was choked up. It
wont happen again.
A moment, Your Highness, Arian spoke up as she climbed to her feet
and bowed low to him. This is none of my mistress doing. I was the one to
coax her out of the compound with the promise of seeing the party. If
anyone is to suffer it should be me.
Lady Roberts reached up and grasped her maids hand. Its not your
fault. I could have stayed in here but I chose to escape.
Yushir lifted an eyebrow as he looked between the two women. How
did you come to escape my ward?
Arian blushed and bowed her head. I dug beneath it.
The prince was taken aback by her confession. You dug beneath my
ward? She nodded. He cleared his throat. Yes, well, I must admit I did not
foresee that scenario. That was a very ingenious plan. A smile touched
Arians lips and he frowned. Ingenious but very foolish.
Her good humor vanished and she nodded. Yes, Your Highness and I
carry all the blame. My mistress looked so pale this morning that I thought
perhaps a trip outside the compound would help her.
Lady Roberts squeezed her hand. I wont let you do that.
Then I decree that both of you carry equal blame, Yushir interrupted
them as he gave them both a stern look.
Lady Roberts shut her eyes and nodded, as did her maid. The prince
pursed his lips as he stared down at the forlorn woman. She does look paler
than even yesterday.
He straightened and sighed. I have an appointment to meet with my
uncle tomorrow to give him an update about you. If you can control your
curiosity for that short a time then perhaps I may be able to persuade him to
allow you the freedom to come and go as you please.
Thank you, Lady Roberts whispered as she looked up and smiled at
him. And thank you for everything youve done for me so far, even if I
havent been the best magic student.
I wonder he mused as he thought back to the dinner engagement. He
cleared his throat. See that you do not risk all my efforts going to waste
and remain in the compound until I come to visit you. Is that understood?
Lady Roberts nodded. Completely. And thank you again.
Well, dont thank me just yet, he warned her as he toyed with his ring.
My uncle will have the final say in your fate.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
H ? H
chosen by one of the elements?
The question came from His Royal Highness, the king of the heavens.
Prince Yushir stood before him in a relatively empty council room. Pampir
stood in the circle before the royal throne and, much to Yushirs surprise,
Dadan was seated in his customary spot. A few of the other council
members were in attendance, mostly those who had spoken out against
Lady Roberts.
A difficult audience Yushir commented to himself.
The prince cleared his throat. Her magic has failed to materialize, Your
Highness.
The king frowned. Why is that?
Yushir shook his head. Im afraid I dont know. However, I wish to
discuss with you the matter of your first question in that she fares rather
poorly.
The monarch leaned forward. What do you mean?
The confinement is having an ill effect on Your Highness guest, the
prince explained. Her health is not as good as when she first arrived and I
would recommend she be allowed to venture out of the hall.
Pampir sputtered on his spittle. Venture of the hall!? What a foolish
notion! There is no way for certain that she can be trusted!
The king leaned back in his chair and furrowed his brow. I am
reluctant to agree to your recommendation, Prince Yushir.
I stand by my recommendation that she be released from her captivity
and allow her to enjoy the entirety of the realm, Yushir repeated.
This is undoubtedly a trick of hers! Pampir snapped as he paced the
floor between Yushir and the king. She is lulling us into a false sense of
trust which she will undoubtedly betray!
You have observed her more than most, the king mused as he studied
his nephew. Do you detect any deceit?
Yushir stood erect and lifted his chin. None at all, Your Highness. She
is a most kind and gentle woman, and her maid would attest to that.
Pampir skidded to a stop and scoffed. Of course her maid would attest
to what you desire! I have been informed that you gave her the position
because she was not happy in her old place!
The prince frowned at him. If you mean to infer that the maid is
untrustworthy because of my placement then I assure you that is not the
case.
Enough. The kings command echoed over the hall and silenced the
bickering pair. He leaned back and grasped the front of the arms. I am of
the mind to side with Lord Pampir. The pompous man puffed out his chest
and cast a triumphant smile at Yushir.
Then allow me to test our guest, Yushir pleaded. If the woman fails
then she will remain within the confines of the hall.
The king lifted a royal eyebrow. What do you propose to do?
I propose to test the moral integrity of our guest, Yushir explained.
We will see if she is a knave as Pampir suspects or if she is a maiden
caught in strange circumstances. In this way, she will help us decide
whether she remains in her palace or is allowed her freedom.
That doesnt tell us how you mean to prove her worth! Pampir
snapped.
I would prefer to keep the details to myself, Yushir returned as he
gave the lord a sharp look. Otherwise, I fear those who will judge her will
be biased in their decision.
The king furrowed his brow a moment before he nodded. I grant you
permission to test the woman.
Yushir smiled and bowed his head. Thank you, Your Majesty.
However, I need your assistance in one matter regarding the test.
Speak and I shall see what I can do.
The prince lifted his head. I need a child of the realm, preferably no
older than six.
Pampir sputtered on his spittle. A sacrifice to this strange woman?!
Your Majesty, I protest this request most vehemently!
The king nodded. I must refuse this request unless you reveal the
details. Otherwise, I doubt a parent would give their child over to the task.
Yushir pursed his lips as his mind buzzed with indecision. A cool voice
interrupted the proceedings.
I will be that child.
All eyes settled on Lord Eastwei. The indifferent lord leaned against the
armrest with his other limb draped over a bent leg. He appeared supremely
bored as he read a scroll partially unfurled in his hand.
The king lifted an eyebrow at him. You indeed are the only one among
us who is capable of such earthly magic, but would you dare to take on such
a risk?
It is no risk to me, Eastwei commented as he lowered the scroll and
turned his head to meet the kings curious gaze. If she is as Prince Yushir
insists then there is nothing to fear. If the woman proves to be faithless then
I will deal with her as she deserves.
His Majesty pursed his lips before he returned his attention to Yushir.
Then I give my permission for you to test the goddess so long as I am able
to see the results myself.
Yushir smiled and bowed his head. That is just what I have planned,
Your Majesty.
The king stood. Then I will leave you to the preparations. Everyone
bowed at the waist as he left.
When Yushir straightened his gaze immediately fell on his old friend.
Lord Eastweis seat, however, was empty and the mans retreating person
disappeared out a side door. The prince hurried to catch up to his friend and
met him down the path.
Yushirs curious eyes studied his friends impassive face. You show an
unusual interest in this goddess.
Eastwei didnt break his stride. As do you.
The prince smiled. I only want what is best for a beautiful young
woman, but your actions are much more difficult to decipher. Is it because
you trust this young woman?
Eastwei stopped and turned to face his companion. I only help you to
ensure the heavens are kept safe from those who cannot be trusted. Nothing
more. He proceeded onward.
Yushirs eyes followed the lord as a smile lay on his lips. A few
whispered words left him. What a flimsy excuse.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
I
me. Arian sat at my side with a worried expression on her face.
You havent eaten all day, she commented.
I smiled at her. I guess Im just nervous. I cant stop wondering what
happened yesterday when the prince talked to the king.
Arian bowed her head and sighed. Yes. We have heard no news from
him.
That doesnt sound like things went right, does it? I commented.
She shook her head. I fear not.
I sighed and pushed my plate toward her. How about you eat that and
Ill go out and study my magic. Maybe itll come to me on an empty
stomach.
She offered me a frail smile. Perhaps.
I stood and strolled out into the warm sun. The unending light made me
miss those bright stars which were such strangers to this strange land.
Perhaps they were as foreign as I was.
I plopped myself down on the grass as usual but I didnt begin my
training. My thoughts wandered back to the day of my escape and the
incident with the tea. I lifted my hands and studied the palms. Had I really
performed magic or had it all been some trick of the light?
Help!
The shout made me jerk my head up. The noise had come from the
archway.
Someone help me!
Arian! I yelled as I scrambled to my feet and raced toward the
entrance to the compound.
I reached the arch and grasped the curve of the stone as I looked out.
The street was empty but for a small lad of six with shocking red hair. He
wore the robes of the realm and lay on the ground with his hands behind
him. His face was a picture of terror at what stood before him.
That thing was a monster.
The creature was a massive beast of muscle and sinew wrapped
underneath a layer of black stretched flesh. Its body was hairless but for a
few wisps underneath its long snout. The thing bore a faint resemblance to a
wolf in shape and in the amount of teeth it bared at the young boy.
I made to race forward but my foot hesitated at the border. Yushir had
warned me not to step foot outside or I would be in a worse spot than home
imprisonment. I would also be revealing my escape to the boy.
Help! the lad screamed as he scrambled back. The creature snapped
its jaws and stalked toward him. Its red eyes stared hungrily at the boy. His
end would come at the tip of those sharp teeth.
He needed my help, the consequences be damned.
I steeled myself and rushed forward out into the open street. The
creature caught sight of me and growled before it lunged in my direction. It
covered ten feet in a single bound and I had to dive out of the way to avoid
its snapping jaws. I rolled across the ground and landed on my knees. A
terrible growl behind me warned me I didnt have much time, if any.
I dashed across the distance between the boy and me and scooped him
up in my arms. He latched onto me like a drowning sailor to a life raft. I
pressed him close against my chest and spun around to face our foe. The
creature curled its lips back in a hideous snarl as it stalked toward us, its
flaming eyes intent on murder. A column of smoke streamed out from either
side of its mouth as it stomped forward.
My heart pounded in my chest but strangely I couldnt feel the young
boys thumper against mine. He lay so still, however, that I guessed he was
frozen with fear. That was for the best as I backed away from the ferocious
beast. The ground around us was open and there was little hope I could
dodge the thing now that I had the boys weight against me.
A horrible idea popped into my head. I stepped back and whispered a
few words into the boys ear. When I tell you to run, you run, okay? The
boy didnt lift his head but nodded.
I slowly rent a part of my garment, keeping one eye on the beast. The
creature growled and leaped at us again with its mouth wide open. I threw
the piece of cloth in the creatures face at the last moment. The thing was
temporarily blinded and I was able to slip past it and toward the archway.
My distraction wasnt long, as I expected, and the thing tore the cloth off
with one sharp claw and spun around to face us.
I set the boy on the ground and gave his back a hard push toward the
archway. Run! I shouted before I spun around to face the monster.
The thing lunged again and I threw up my arms as it descended on top
of me. The thing shoved me to the ground and pinned me there with its
paws on top of my arms. I thrashed in its hold as it bent its head low and
bared its teeth in my face. I shut my eyes and turned my face away waiting
for the inevitable.
A clapping sound came before the end. Funny, I always imagined it
would be bells or harps. Maybe even an accordion. There had been that one
library book Id never returned.
I felt the weight of the beast lift from me and risked opening one eye.
The creature backed up and sat down on its haunches a few feet away from
me. Its tongue flopped out and I sat up on my arms and blinked at the thing.
The clapping noise continued and came from behind me. I twisted
around to find Yushir standing beside the young lad who, I now saw, had a
very impassive expression on his face.
Excellent! Yushir complimented me as he clasped his hands together
against his front. I would not have thought you capable of so great a
sacrifice, but you have certainly outdone yourself.
I turned around to sit on my knees and blinked at him. A most dignified
answer came out of me. Huh?
Movement to my left made me look in that direction and I watched the
air shimmer before a magic ruse was dropped. The king and other members
of the council including Pampir were revealed to me. The latter didnt look
pleased at all.
His Majesty stepped over to me and panic set in. I was outside the
compound. There was no denying Id broken my promise. I bowed my head
and shut my eyes to keep the tears in. My whole body quaked as his shadow
fell over me.
His Majestys voice was surprisingly soft. You have done well, Lady
Roberts.
I whipped my head back and blinked at him. My dry mouth wouldnt
loosen the words that bubbled up within me.
This was a test crafted to prove your moral standing among the
heavenly hosts, Yushir explained as he strolled up to me. And might I say
you passed with high marks.
My lips moved together like a fish breathing in water before I shook off
my shock. Then. . .Im not. . .Im not in trouble?
Yushirs eyes twinkled as he shook his head. Not in the least.
But the monster- I turned my head and watched a young man with
dark hair stroll up to the beasts side. He scratched the creature behind its
ear and the beast purred like a cat before rubbing its head eagerly against
the mans hand.
Merely a pet trained in the art of appearing fierce, Yushir assured me.
And the kid? I asked him as my attention fell on the boy.
My eyes bulged out of my head as red sparkles sprang out of the boy
and he grew into the handsome figure of Lord Eastwei.
Yushir chuckled. Merely my friend here assisting us in testing your
moral fortitude.
Relief and exhaustion flooded over me and I slumped to the ground in a
puddle of shaking ooze.
Lady Roberts! Yushir cried out as he rushed to my side.
My Lady! Arian joined in as she hurried to kneel at my other arm. She
grasped my limb and glared up at Yushir. Must you have been so fierce
with her? You nearly frightened her to death!
Yushirs reply came in a hushed whisper. It was quite necessary, I
assure you, otherwise His Majesty would not have believed her sincerity.
The prince turned and faced his king. After such a show of courage, does
she have your permission to venture out into the rest of your realm, Your
Majesty?
The king smiled down at me. She does and she will now be considered
an honored guest among us. He half-turned to the displeased crowd at his
back. I expect everyone to treat her with the dignity she has so bravely
earned.
Pampir pursed his lips but bowed his head, along with the others. Of
course, Your Majesty.
The king returned his attention to me. Good day, Lady Roberts.
I clumsily bowed my head. Um, good day, Your Majesty.
The king strolled past me and in the direction of the council hall. His
entourage quickly followed him including the animal and its tamer, though
Pampir lingered. He cast a sharp look in Yushir and my direction before he
left with the others.
I breathed out the breath I hadnt known Id been holding. Arian looked
me over with concern. Are you well? Did the creature harm you?
I looked up at her with confused eyes. You knew this was going to
happen?
She shook her head. Only just now when Prince Yushir stopped me
from helping you against the creature.
Yushir bowed his head. My sincerest apologies. I hope the outcome
makes up for my ruse.
I managed a shaky smile. I suppose it does. My gaze invariably rested
on Lord Eastwei. You. . .you were the kid all along?
Yes, came the bland response.
Yushir grinned at his companion. Lord Eastwei has quite a talent for
transformations. Even I was almost fooled by him.
I bowed my head to the lord. Thank you for helping me. He slightly
inclined his head before he moved off.
Arian wrapped her arms around one of mine. Let me help you to your
bed.
Indeed, she will need the rest for tomorrow, Yushir mused as he swept
an arm over my hall. The air flickered as the ward spell faded. A new
world will open to you.
A new world, and new troubles.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
I .
A bright morning greeted me as Arian and I walked toward the archway.
It was the day after my harrowing trial and my entire body trembled with
excitement as we approached the entrance. I stopped at the border between
nearly all I had known these last two weeks and a bright new world.
Arian looped an arm around mine and gave me an encouraging smile.
You will not be lost with me at your side.
I nodded and took a deep breath before I stepped out onto the walkway.
There was no evil monster or savage guard to greet me, only a fresh breeze
that blew past. I inhaled deeply and smelled the sweet scents of foreign
flowers and trees mixed with fresh water.
Where would you like to go first? Arian asked me.
I grinned back at her. What about the kitchen?
She blinked in response. The kitchen?
I want to see where all this magical cooking takes place, I explained.
Her face brightened and she nodded. Then I shall take you there first.
We strolled down the straight streets of the realm and I quickly realized
heaven really was huge. Path after path led to one intersection after another,
and those ran to cloud-covered hills and floating islands far beyond my
sight. Rivers and streams broke the monotony of civilization and were
diverted into pools where fish lazily swam about. Pavilions and gazebos
decorated the communal gardens through which the paths wandered.
Benches and couches tempted weary wanderers with relaxation and a
chance to enjoy the view. Flowers bloomed under shady trees and their
sweet smells brought a smile to my lips.
The heavens were also not some vast plain, but a mess of huge islands
that floated above the clouds. I strained my neck to catch sight of the edge
of the island on which was located my home. The land ended abruptly and
one could dive into the clouds a few yards below. How many islands are
there?
Dozens though none quite as large as this one, Arian told me. They
are connected via bridges and many are a wilderness of trees and stones,
though Kang does occupy one of them.
I lifted an eyebrow. Kang?
The owner of the beast whom you met yesterday, she explained.
Oh. Right.
We reached a long, low bridge that stretched over an extra-large pond. I
paused in the middle of the bridge and leaned over the railing. Koi and
other fish swam toward my shadow and skimmed the surface looking for
tasty handouts. The nearby trees were reflected in the crystal-blue water and
lilypads glistened in the bright sun.
I wish I had some paper. . . I murmured.
Paper? Do you wish to write something? Arian asked me.
I sheepishly smiled at her. Im not very good at it, but I dabble in
drawing sometimes.
Her face lit up. Do you? I would love to see some of your work.
I laughed. Youll have to wait for me to make something here since I
left all my notebooks back at home. My heart fell a little at the word. It
reminded me that I was still in a foreign land.
Arian bowed her head. I will be sure to fetch you some paper and a
pencil the moment we return to the hall.
I nodded. Id like that very much, but first the kitchen.
Arian led me onward down the straight path and to the communal
kitchen. The space was a single room larger than the whole of my hall and
featuring vats, barrels, and canisters filled with all kinds of herbs and
spices. Large windows looked into the square building, allowing one to see
the many grills, sunken cooking pots, and chopping boards where all the
fine cooking took place. There were dozens of workstations where a knife
and other utensils sat at the ready for someone to take up the task of
cooking.
A half dozen maids were busy working their magic for the coming meal.
Some of them were literally doing just that. We entered the building and I
stopped to gawk at the wisps of blue magic that flitted in front of each of
the spell casters. They conjured fish and steak from the ether and lowered
them to the waiting plates on the counters. In this way, they were able to fill
several dozen plates in a minute, complete with spices and garnish.
Other maids went about the cooking process the old-fashioned way.
They pulled out a variety of fish from coolers filled with ice and set them
on the racks over open fires. The meat sizzled and filled the room with a
thick juicy scent. Vegetables were chopped, gossip was exchanged, and I
was reminded how much I had missed of life in my seclusion.
What do you think? Arian asked me.
I smiled at her. Its wonderful. And everyone in heaven eats out of
here?
Occasionally someone will call for a portable grill or will cook
outdoors in their gardens but yes, she confirmed as she watched the
proceedings. These are the maids to Lord Kang. He is the owner of the
beast that attacked you.
My face drooped as I recalled yesterdays incident. Oh.
She smiled at me. You neednt worry about the beast again. Lord Kang
is a master at taming creatures and he is even able to speak with them. That
is how he tamed the monstrous shadow creature.
His home wouldnt happen to be near mine, would it? I wondered.
Arian laughed and shook her head. Oh, no. His beasts worry many
other of the lords and ladies so he has a stable at the far reaches of the
imperial city where he keeps his pets.
The maidservants finished their preparations and walked out in single
file, each bearing with them a covered platter of their delicious results. The
room fell silent and so did my interest. Another sound caught my attention
that was far more lively than the empty kitchen.
It was the chatter and laughter of children.
I half-turned in the direction of the joyful noise. Are there kids here?
Oh yes, Arian told me as she nodded in the direction of the bridge we
had crossed. The children often play in a pond at the end of the stream.
Id like to go see that pond, I told her.
Its this way.
We crossed the bridge again but instead of heading straight we turned a
sharp right and followed the stream. The waters were guided by low white
walls of stone that led straight to a large patch of grass a hundred yards
further south. The large grassy plot surrounded a pond some fifty yards
across and the same width. The bank gently rolled into those calm, lilypad-
speckled waters but I could see the dark center of the pond was deep.
A dozen children scampered around the grass field chasing one another
with cattails pulled from the shore. They tickled and teased one another
with the soft brushes and much laughter echoed over the area.
Two elegant women strolled past along the path that wound its way
around the grassy area. I recognized one as being Lady Shian and the other
was the woman I had seen seated at her side during the banquet. They were
in such deep conversation they didnt notice the children scurrying about.
One of the children in their eagerness to escape one of their friends ran into
Shians lady friend.
The woman nearly lost her balance but fell against her friend who
caught her. A fury of anger swept across the strangers face as she righted
herself. The child had fallen to the ground and was only then climbing to
her feet when the woman grabbed her shoulders.
You little brat! she snapped as she tossed the child onto the grass.
The little girl tumbled down the gentle incline and rolled to a stop in a
mess of tears and terror. Her friends scampered back, fearful of the taller
women. My eyebrows crashed down and I marched across the green toward
the trouble.
Lady Anna! Arian hissed.
Her warning didnt even break my stride as I rushed over to the crying
child. I knelt beside her and grasped her arms, drawing her against me. Are
you alright? I whispered.
The child sobbed into my chest and her words came out between her
sniffles. That. . .that mean lady. . .she pushed me!
The woman lifted her pointed nose and sneered down at the child. You
should have watched where you were going.
I glared up at the woman. Shes just a child and it was an accident.
Accident or not, she mussed my robes with her dirty hands, the
woman snapped as she brushed away the invisible bits of dirt supposedly
left by the child.
The child sobbed and I rubbed her back. Its okay. Why dont we get
you back to your friends, alright? She nodded, so I lifted her in my arms
and turned away.
Shians voice called me back. Youre that new goddess, arent you?
I half-turned to the imperious women and nodded. I am.
Whats your name again? she wondered.
I had half a mind to not tell her so I told her only half my name.
Anna.
She wrinkled her nose. What a strange name. Have you no other?
I do, but only my friends know it. If youll excuse me. I turned and
strolled down the grassy incline. I was glad when I heard the women move
away, chatting in low, angry voices.
The other children backed away from me as I neared them, but one bold
boy of eight stepped forward. He was a little shorter than the other kids his
age and wore an elegant robe of white trimmed with purple. The boy held
his head high and met my gaze with a slightly shaky look.
Put her down, he commanded me.
His tone was so comically imperious coming from someone three feet
tall that I had to suppress a laugh. However, I did stop and set their friend
down. The little girl had other ideas and one of her hands clung to my robe.
Come here, Lia! he called to her.
She bit her lower lip and looked up at me. Thank you for saving me.
I smiled and shook my head. It was my pleasure, but youre sure
youre alright?
She nodded before she scampered over to her friends. They congregated
around her except the master of the group. He inclined his head to me.
Thank you for your help.
My pleasure, I replied.
The boy rejoined the group and they set off, leaving behind their
forgotten cattails. I picked one up as Arian came up beside me.
That was too bold, Lady Anna, Arian scolded me.
I wagged a cattail at her. Just Anna, and why was it too bold?
Lady Shian is the mistress of all the palaces, Arian explained as she
cast a furtive look in the direction they had gone. Her family holds a great
deal of influence over the court and the king thinks highly of them all.
A little too highly if thats how her friend treats his subjects, I
countered.
Arian looked aghast at me. You cannot say such things!
I sighed and the fight left me with the breath. My eyes dropped to the
soft cattail that I grasped in one hand. I know but I just, well, I thought Id
left the cubicle life behind me.
She cocked her head to one side. Cubic?
I laughed and shook my head. Just a horrible box with a lot of rules
and hierarchies. Kind of like around here, I guess. I tossed the cattail on
the ground with the rest of them. Anyway, who was the woman with
Shian?
Lady Bidao. She has only just returned from a trip to the mortal
realm.
I lifted an eyebrow. Is that a big thing?
Arian nodded. We immortals may only visit the mortal realm briefly as
the living there slowly drains our magic and there is no way to renew our
magic without returning to any of the immortal realms.
What happens when all of your magic is gone? I wondered.
We die.
My face drooped. Then you guys really can die?
My maidservant pursed her lips. Through that way and sickness and
battle.
A sigh escaped me as we continued on our way. I guess Ill have to
stay away from there then.
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
T !
The speaker was the proud Lady Bidao. Her cheeks were flushed and
her arms were crossed over her chest as she strode down the path with her
friend at her side. How dare she speak to us in such a manner!
Shian nodded. It was very rude of her. I should speak with His Majesty
and see that she is punished.
A little bit of color drained from Bidaos cheeks. Perhaps we shouldnt.
Those brats may side with her, after all, and there was His Majestys
grandson among them.
I suppose youre right, Shian mused with a deep sigh.
Bidao bumped her elbow against her friends arm. Of course Im right.
When have I ever been wrong?
Shian laughed and looped her arms around one of her companions
limbs to lead her on a righthand path. There was that time you told me
Lord Eastwei liked very salty meat.
I had that on good authority that he did! Bidao insisted. But why
ever bring that up?
I served him salty meat at my banquet just the other day, Shian told
her.
And?
He hardly touched it and even Prince Yushir couldnt finish the meat.
Bidao wrinkled her nose. Yes, well, perhaps his appetite was off that
day. You should make it up to him in some way. Perhaps redressing his
palace?
Shian sighed. If only it was that easy. He seems to loathe things being
moved about. I tried to move his desk closer to an open window and he
immediately told me to stop.
Things will change once you marry him, Bidao assured her.
The idea perked up her friend. Do you think so?
Dont you? Bidao countered.
Shian smiled and squeezed her arm. Theres only one way to find out.
Hurry on now!
She pulled her down the path and they found their way through the
gardens to a shaded corner of a three-way intersection. Stairs led up the
center path while the other two were just a continuation of each other. A
gurgling brook ran along the left of the path and flowed through a dam of
rocks behind which swam a few fish. Shian guided her friend over to a
bench that stood near a large boulder and seated them.
Lady Bidao looked around at the simple patches of grass and the
flowing brook and wrinkled her nose. Why have we stopped here in this
out-of-the-way place?
Shian lifted her chin and smiled. No reason.
Her companions eyes lit up and a smile slipped onto her lips. Oh, I
see. Might I guess that a certain handsome lord passes by here?
Shian turned her face away but couldnt hide the upturned corners of her
mouth. Perhaps.
Bidao laughed. You are so mischievous, Lady Shian! How did you
ever learn that he frequented such a desolate spot? There is hardly a soul to
be found around here and all the banquet halls are far away.
One of my maids glimpsed him reclining on the couch over there,
Shian revealed as she leaned forward and nodded at a wooden reclining
bench situated under a tree. The bench sat only a few feet from the water
and was surrounded by a bed of grass and flowers. Their seat was mostly
hidden from view by the boulder. I instructed them to watch over the spot
for several months and they discovered that he frequented the bench several
times a week.
But you have yet to meet him here? Bidao guessed.
Shian squirmed in her seat. True, but I brought you here as my good
luck charm. After all, you survived the horrors of that mortal realm for a
whole week.
Bidao leaned back and wrinkled her nose. Yes. I must admit the
description of those villages as quaint was greatly exaggerated. They were
terribly backward. Do you know, each house had its own kitchen?
Shian lifted an eyebrow. Why?
Because many homes did not have maidservants to cook for them so
the woman did it with her little brats racing about her, Bidao revealed. It
was so common that I was loathe to stay in a town that did not have a
reputable inn for fear of eating out of such a-
Ssh! Shian hissed as she ducked back.
They fell silent and could hardly hear the soft pad of boots on the stone
walk. A rustle of robes was heard and then all was quiet. Bidao risked
leaning forward and glimpsed the great lord reclining on the bench. He
leaned his temple against his cupped hand and his eyes were closed.
Shian squirmed in the seat beside her. The elder woman rolled her eyes.
Go on then! she whispered as she gave her friend a push.
Shian glared at her but reluctantly stood. She brushed out the wrinkles
in her robe and lifted her chin before strolling out of their hiding spot. The
lord didnt so much as twitch as she stepped through the flowers and arrived
at the bench.
What a coincidence finding you here, Dadan, Shian spoke up.
Dadan opened his eyes and looked impassively at her. Is it?
She nodded. Of course, but I must admit I did desire to see you alone.
His eyes flickered toward the boulder. Did you?
Shians smile became a little shaky. Yes. That is- She took a seat on
the bench at his feet and was perturbed when she didnt find enough room.
Her butt was forced to hang over just slightly but she managed to keep a
stiff smile on her lips. I wished to apologize for the banquet. I could see
the meat was not up to your standards and I have come to beg you for a
chance to make amends.
His expression didnt change in his reply. Oh?
She nodded. Yes. I wish to cook you another meal and this time you
may enjoy it at your own palace.
A wonderful idea! Bidao inwardly squealed. Just the place to capture
him!
Dadan closed his eyes. There is no need for that.
But I insist! Shian persisted as she turned to the side and bumped
against his legs. He opened one eye to stare at her and she blushed before
scooting away from his leg. You must allow me to show you how sincerely
sorry I am for serving such terrible food.
He closed his eye. The tea was enough compensation.
Her eyes widened. Truly? Did you enjoy it that much?
He nodded. Very.
She bit her lower lip. I-I see.
Perhaps you might make some for me another time, he suggested.
She plastered a smile on her face. O-of course. I would be only too
happy. She stood and bowed lower to him. If youll excuse me.
Shian spun on her heels and hurried away around the far side of the
boulder. Bidao stood and was just in time to have her hand grabbed by her
friend. She was whisked away from the lord and back down the path from
which theyd arrived.
What is the matter with you? Bidao whined as she stumbled along
behind her quick-footed friend. You had him in your grasp and you let him
go!
They had traveled far out of earshot of the lord, so Shian stopped with
her back to her friend. She grasped the front of her robe. I cannot grant
him his wish.
Bidao lifted an eyebrow. Why not?
Shian spun around and revealed her discomforted expression. Because
I did not make the tea.
Her friend shrugged. Why does that matter? Have it made by your
servant again.
Shian shook her head. You do not understand. I do not know who made
the tea.
Bidao blinked at her. Come again?
The young goddess paced the path in front of her companion and threw
up her arms. I cannot find the person who made the tea! Whoever it was is
not a member of my household nor can I find that anyone was in the kitchen
that day to slip in that sweet flavoring!
That is most mysterious, Bidao commented as she folded her arms
over her chest.
Mysterious and frustrating! Shian snapped as she stopped and balled
her hands into quivering fists at her sides. She stomped her foot. It would
be all he would desire, too! Just my luck!
Bidao sheepishly smiled. I suppose I failed you as your charm.
Shian shut her eyes and let out a long, trembling breath. She opened
them and pursed her lips. I must find who crafted that drink and make
them show me how they did it. She grabbed her friends hand and tugged
her down the walk. We must hurry before Dadans taste for the tea grows
cold!
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
H , A, A
a charcoal pencil on the table in front of me.
It was a few days after the incident with Lady Shian and her friend and I
was glad to put those memories behind me. Another warm sunny day shone
outside the windows of my quaint hall and my friend stood over me with
furtive eyes.
A smile spread across my lips as I opened the binder and revealed a
thick stack of papers. Their sizes were slightly mismatched but I brushed a
hand gently over the rough edges. You made this yourself, didnt you?
I raised my eyes to my friend and found her blushing. Y-yes. The way
you described your old journal I knew nothing like this could be found in
the heavens so I thought I would make it by hand. She bit her lower lip.
Is. . .is it alright?
I stood and wrapped her in a tight hug. She stiffened for a moment
before softening. I drew us to arms length and had trouble keeping tears
out of my eyes. Its perfect.
Her face beamed and her cheeks reddened. Im so glad to hear that.
Its so perfect, I mused as I scooped up pencil and paper and hugged
them against myself, -that Im going to try them out right now.
Would you like me to go with you? she offered.
I laughed and shook my head. It wouldnt be very exciting for you to
watch me draw but I promise to show you what I come up with. That is if
you dont mind staring at some squiggly lines.
She shook her head. I would love to admire your work.
Dont get your hopes up too much, I warned her as I skipped over to
the door. And dont worry about lunch. Ill grab something in the kitchen.
There was a bounce in my step as I strode down the paths toward the
quieter garden spots. Arian and I had explored much of the area within a
few miles of my new home and I was mostly acquainted with the roads,
though sometimes I did find myself turned around.
This was one of those times.
I traveled up and down the paths and stairs, past many a lovely gazebo
and through a few small woods before I stopped at the top of a flight of
stairs. My steps had taken me to a place I hadnt seen before and didnt
quite know how to return to the house from. The steps led down and
intersected with a path that followed a small gurgling brook. A cluster of
rocks and lilypads formed in front of a painted wooden bench.
My heart leaped at the beautiful scene as did my artistic impulse. I
hurried down the steps and past the shading tree to sit on the grass in front
of the bench. The cool lawn and sweet-smelling flowers flowed over me
and the solitude of the simple garden allowed me to take as much time as I
needed. I bent over my paper with my pencil in hand and began sketching
the lovely landscape in front of me.
I was so engrossed in my work that I didnt hear the soft pad of feet nor
even the groan of the wood behind me. One spot in particular had my
attention, a lovely lilypad nestled among the rocks under which most of the
fish were partially hiding. I leaned back and furrowed my brow as I studied
my work versus the real thing. There was just something off about it that I
couldnt lay my finger on.
You are missing the shadow of the lilypad over the water.
My heart stopped for a moment before it restarted, and now it was in
overdrive mode. I whipped my head around and found myself staring up
into the indifferent face of Lord Eastwei. He lounged on the bench with his
head cradled in one palm and his eyes on my picture.
I hugged the sketch against my chest as the color drained from my face.
P-pardon?
He nodded at my sketch pad. You are missing the shadow. That is why
your sketch appears incomplete.
I mechanically jerked my head downward and reluctantly drew my
sketch far enough to study the picture myself. He was right. I was missing
that obvious bit of detail.
I bent over the picture and immediately began rectifying my error. After
a few moments and some well-placed shading, I drew my notebook away
and examined my work. It looked perfect, or as perfect as my unskilled
hand could offer.
I smiled up at the lord. Thanks. I would have been beating myself up
for a while if you hadnt told me what was wrong.
He slightly inclined his head and closed his eyes. I took that as a hint
that the conversation was no longer desired. He was so close now that I
could see the soft lines of his face and the picture-perfect raise of his
eyebrows. My artists hand twitched at the thought of drawing something
other than plant life.
I cleared my throat but a voice interrupted me.
Dadan! Dadan!
Eastwei let out a heavy sigh as Shian made her appearance from the
direction of the steps. She had a bright smile on her face until she noticed
me. Her good humor dropped off like a rock out a window and she knitted
her eyebrows together in a silent fury.
Im sorry, she apologized without any enthusiasm as she looked
between us. I thought you were alone.
I was just leaving, I told her as I climbed to my feet.
Eastwei opened his eyes and they fell on me. Your sketch is
incomplete.
I smiled and patted the sketchbook. Thats okay. Its not very good,
anyway.
Do you sketch? Shian wondered as her gaze invariably fell on my
book.
A little, I admitted as I looked for a way out of there. There was a
narrow grassy path between the boulder and the stream.
She held out her hand to me. Please allow me to see it.
I clutched the book against my chest and shook my head. You really
dont have to be so polite. Its not a very good sketch at all.
Allow me to be the judge of that, Shian insisted as she strode up to
me. She tried to grab the book but I tucked it behind my back.
The other goddess tried to snatch it again but ended up pushing her
body against mine. I lost my balance and my eyes widened as I fell
backward toward the narrow waterway. Injury would have been the only
result if a soft red light hadnt surrounded me. I stiffened and looked about
myself in shock.
The light suspended me just above the mouth of the waterway. Bright
red sparkles floated around me and a soft warmth enveloped my person. I
looked at Eastwei and saw that his unoccupied left hand was raised and the
same reddish glow emanated from his two longest fingers. He drew his
fingers to his right and the light floated me in that direction.
The magic glided me over to the grass on the opposite side of the bench
from Shian and set me on my butt. I stared dumbly with my sketchbook
clutched against my chest as the glow vanished and the warmth faded.
Be more mindful of your surroundings, Eastwei scolded me.
I eased myself onto my shaky feet and nodded. Y-yeah. If youll
excuse me. I hurried off without waiting for a reply.
I must have still had quite the look on my face when I finally made it
back to my little hall because Arian greeted me with a worried expression
on hers. Are you well? she asked me as she grasped my arm.
I managed a stiff smile. Im fine. I just had a- You didnt quite have an
accident my inner thoughts reminded me. I just had a run-in with Shian
and Eastwei, thats all.
Her eyebrows shot up. You did? What happened?
I laughed. I almost fell into one of the streams. Fortunately, Eastwei
caught me with his magic. At least, I think thats what he did.
Arians eyes grew as big as my sketchbook. You witnessed him use his
magic?
I blinked at her. Yeah, why? Doesnt he use it as often as anyone else?
She slowly shook her head. Not at all. Indeed, it is a very rare occasion
to see him use even the slightest hint of magic and he has not used any great
strength in tens of thousands of years.
My mouth slowly dropped open. That. . .thats a long time, even for
you guys, right?
A very long time.
Why doesnt he use his magic? I wondered.
He conserves his magic in case an emergency should arise.
A snort escaped me. Then Im glad he used it for my emergency but
now that you told me what its for I feel a little guilty.
Well, it was only a little bit of his magic, she pointed out. Perhaps he
will not even notice.
Yeah, I agreed as I looked down at myself. It hardly seemed to even
bother him moving me like that.
That is because you are very light, Arian complimented me as she
looked down at my book. But did you get a chance to draw?
My eyes lit up and I nodded. Yeah. Its just a little sketch, though. I
opened to the first page.
Her mouth fell open. That is wonderful! You have a great talent!
I blushed and closed the book. Im just okay. Anyway, lets get
something to eat. I forgot to grab lunch.
CHAPTER NINETEEN
W , S A
wrinkled her nose. And so clumsy, too. She is as graceful as an elephant.
Silence was her only reply and she cast a curious look at Eastwei. He had
closed his eyes and returned to his meditation. Her gaze dropped to the
bench where there was still no room for her. Would you like some
company, Dadan?
There is no need to waste your time in entertaining me, he replied.
She laughed. I would never see it as wasting my time. Anything to do
with you is worth the effort. He didnt respond to the flattery and her
eagerness was slightly dampened. She rallied her spirits and sidled up to the
side of the bench closest to his head. Dadan, the festival of the harvest is
nearing for the mortals. Would you not wish to go with me to see their
quaint customs?
I have seen the festival.
Her expression fell a little. But you have not seen it with me. You
would surely enjoy it more for that matter alone.
I would rather remain here.
Shian tightened her hands into fists but managed to control her outward
irritation. She smiled and nodded. Very well. Then I bid you good day. He
inclined his head as he had done with Anna.
Shian grasped her hands together in front of her and left him. Her steps
were quicker than she intended but she was glad to be away before her
temper got the better of her. She rounded a corner of a building further
down the path that followed the brook and nearly crashed into another
walker.
My goodness, Lady Shian, Prince Yushir mused as he caught her arms
to keep them both steady. What brings you so swiftly in this direction?
She plastered a smile on her face and shook her head. No reason, Your
Highness. I was merely lost in thought, thats all.
What thoughts could bother such a beauty? he teased.
Just some matters of the palaces, she lied as she shrugged out of his
grip. If youll excuse me. She swept past him and soon disappeared down
the road.
Palace matters indeed, he mused as he watched her leave and took a
few steps backward to stare down the path she had come. He glimpsed the
reclining figure of Dadan on the bench. Or perhaps other matters.
Your Highness! The call came from Yushirs left and he turned to face
the oncoming threat. That of Lord Pampir. The pompous man was nearly
out of breath when he reached the prince. I have an urgent matter to
discuss with you.
Yushir lifted an eyebrow but nodded. Very well.
Pampir looked about them and pursed his lips. Perhaps in some place
more private.
Yushir gestured to a gazebo situated in a corner of the corner over a
nearby bridge. Pampir nodded and together the pair moved over to the quiet
and secluded spot. The nobleman plopped himself down on one of the
stools while Yushir calmly took a seat opposite him.
Pampir leaned toward him and lowered his voice to a whisper. The
matter concerns that woman.
Yushir lifted an eyebrow. Are you referring to Lady Roberts?
The other man scoffed. Lady? She is no more a lady than I.
The corners of the princes lips twitched upward. Would you like your
title changed?
Certainly not! Pampir snapped as he leaned away. And I would
prefer that you not take this matter lightly!
You would have to tell me the matter so I may know how to take it,
Yushir pointed out.
He lifted his chin. Then you shall. I have it on good authority that the-
that Lady Roberts attempted to start a fight with Lady Shian and Lady
Bidao the other day.
Yushir lifted an eyebrow. Oh? This is the first I have heard of the
matter.
Pampir bobbed his head. And yet I tell you it is true. The young prince
told me himself that the woman was involved in an altercation with the two
ladies.
What exactly did he say? Yushir inquired.
The lord cleared his throat. The young prince informed me that the
ladies had been speaking with one of the children when Lady Roberts came
over and swept the child away.
Yushir lifted an eyebrow. Lady Shian and Lady Bidao were speaking
with a child? That is rather unlike them, is it not? I know for a fact that
Lady Bidao herself is not fond of children.
Pampir sputtered a little. Y-yes, well, perhaps that is not how the story
unfolded but Lady Roberts still argued with the two ladies, and that is
unacceptable!
A sly smile slipped onto Yushirs lips. Would you like to be the one to
step into the middle of such an argument?
The color drained from the lords face. W-well, I-I, that is-
Perhaps we should let them manage their own affairs unless words
should come to blows, Yushir suggested as he stood.
Pampir grabbed the princes sleeve. A moment, Your Highness. I have
another concern about the woman.
Yushir reluctantly resumed his seat. Oh?
What shall we do if she discovers the vault and makes off with some of
His Majestys valuables? Pampir asked him.
The prince chuckled. We will have no worries about that, Lord Pampir.
She has never been able to conjure even the slightest bit of her magic, much
less perform a transportation spell. You yourself witnessed her fight against
the black beast without using any magic. Does that not prove my point to
you?
Pampir wrinkled his nose. Not in the least. Does it not strike you as
odd that she has not shown her powers after such a time and under your
tutelage, no less? Even a child would have shown some promise by now.
Yushir stood again and this time he stepped out of reach of his
companion. Perhaps it is because she has begun her education so late. I
myself cannot recall anyone beginning their magic training at such an
advanced age, can you?
The lord shook his head. No, I cannot.
Then we are in unchartered territory and should grant her some
leeway, the prince insisted as he walked down the path.
Pampir stood and bowed his head. As you say, Your Highness.
Am I not a little worried myself? Yushir wondered as he left behind the
worried man and strolled through the city. Surely she must have some
abilities granted by the fruit. No other but one has been such an exception.
CHAPTER TWENTY
A . A .
Another failed effort at conjuring magic.
Why wont this work? I grumbled as I looked down at my hands that
lay in my crossed legs. The comfortable grass did little to alleviate my
irritation. I waved my hands as I had done that day in Shians palace but the
sparkles didnt pop out. Come on. Youve done it before. Why not now?
Arian came up to me with a tray and a plate of little cakes. She knelt in
front of me and set the tray down. Perhaps you have not found the purpose
to your magic.
I blinked at her. What do you mean?
She bowed her head and shrugged. It is only something my father said
as he caught my brother his magic. A smile danced across her lips. My
brother is rather, well, unfocused in his studies. He would always rather go
out and play among the forests than sit and meditate. When he did try to
train nothing would come out and he gave up altogether.
So howd your dad fix that? I wondered.
She set her hands on top of each other over her bent knees and
chuckled. Well, first he tried beating him.
My face drooped. And then?
Then he tried sealing him in the caves but he escaped.
Does this story have a happy ending? I wondered.
Her eyes danced with mirth at the recollection of the fond memories.
Oh, yes. You see, our father realized that my brother needed a purpose for
his magic. My brother had no use for magic when he could use his strength
to master anyone who tried to fight him, even without being able to
transform, so one day our father challenged him to a fight.
And?
She chuckled. My brother lost very badly. He swore he would best our
father in the next bout and my father told him he would never win without
magic. My brother challenged my father then and there to a rematch and
during the sparring they grew rather violent. I could just imagine two burly
men jousting it out with fists. My brother was knocked down and my
father stood over him to give the winning blow when my brother suddenly
transformed.
And won? I guessed.
Arian burst out laughing and shook her head. Oh, no. Our father
thrashed him but my brother could now see the usefulness of his magic and
he began his magic training in earnest. Now he is strong enough to almost
overcome our father.
Usefulness, I murmured as I looked down at the platter.
Arian noticed where my attention lay and held up the plate. Would you
like some? I just fetched them from the kitchen.
What are they? I asked her as I plucked one from the stack and turned
it over in front of my face.
A sweet cake filled with fruits. I made them myself.
I stiffened and my eyes lit up as a thought struck me. Thats it! I
exclaimed as I jumped to my feet.
Arian climbed up after me with a confused expression on her face.
What is?
I grabbed her hand and tugged her toward the archway. Maybe I might
have found out how I can use my magic!
We hurried through the streets, catching the attention of many along the
way. Most were curious, some snobbish, and others even followed us a
short distance before thinking better of it. We passed a few children who
stared at us with even greater curiosity before scampering away.
We reached the kitchen and I was glad to find it was empty. I released
my friend and hurried over to one of the workstations. All manner of bowls,
spoons, spatulas, and more were to be found and I quickly dug out a large
bowl and some measuring spoons. I stood over all the supplies and
completely ignored them as I focused all my attention on my hands which I
held up in front of me.
Alright, magic, we dont know each other very well, but you and I both
know this is what I want to do. I wiggled my fingers and waited for that
barely familiar spark of warmth that Id felt that one day. Come on. I know
you can do this. Just work with me this once, please?
My eyes lit up as a soft twinkle of silver sparkles floated out of my
fingertips.
Arian gasped. You can conjure magic!
Lets hope its the right kind, I replied as I positioned my hands as I
had seen the cooks do. I focused all my thoughts on one single, familiar,
and delicious object and moved my hands in the same smooth motion.
My silver magic sparkled brighter and danced off my fingers in
transparent threads. The wisps danced about one another and sparkled like
the stars, crafting something in the very center of their dance. A thin
rectangular brown bar appeared in front of me. My heart pounded in my
chest as I held out my hands with my palms up. The light faded and the bar
dropped into my waiting palms.
Arian leaned in and studied my creation. It smells sweet. Is it a treat of
some kind?
I smiled as I brushed my hand over the top of the bar. Not quite the
kind youre thinking about but youll see. We just need a few other
ingredients to help it taste even better. I paused and furrowed my brow.
At least, I hope so.
I snapped off one of the sharp corners and tossed the piece into my
mouth. The bit melted in my mouth and filled it with the sweet familiar
flavor I didnt realize Id missed so much.
Is it good? Arian asked me.
Its perfect, I assured her.
I broke the bar into chunks over the bowl while Arian followed my
directions. She fetched the rest of the ingredients which I mixed into a wet
mixture and poured into a pan. The wood-heated oven was readied by Arian
and I slid the pan inside before closing the door. I stepped back with a smile
on my face.
In no time at all, the kitchen was filled with the scent of brownies.
Arians wide eyes showed me her eagerness and I couldnt help but peek
into the oven more times than should have. Finally, I pulled out the oven
rack and dipped a knife into the mixture. It came out clean. A perfect
success.
I drew out the pan and set it on the counter to cool. The sweet aroma of
chocolate wafted across our noses and out the open windows.
Arian stretched her neck over the pan and studied the volcanic surface.
What is it?
Its called brownies, I told her as I picked up a knife and began
cutting the hunk into small squares. Its a, um, delicacy where Im from. I
lifted two squares out of the whole and set them on a pair of napkins set out
on the table. Steam rose from them and I was glad to see the inside was
perfectly set.
I handed her one of the cooled treats and took up the other for myself.
Arian examined the dark interior with some trepidation. I had my
misgivings but one bite told me all would be well. Try it, I encouraged
her through a mouthful of the treat.
Arian nodded and took a dainty bite. Her eyes lit up and she leaned back
to stare incredulously at the food. This is delicious!
I swallowed hard and grinned. We made a perfect batch.
She shook her head. I only helped you find the ingredients. It was you
who cooked it.
I swept an arm over the large room filled as it was with all manner of
ingredients. Without you, it wouldve taken me weeks to find everything I
needed. We made a good team and the brownie shows that.
She blushed and nibbled some more on the brownie. That is until she
noticed me take another big bite. She dove in and soon both of us were left
with empty napkins. Her hungry eyes fell on the remainder of the goodies.
Any plans she had for the brownies, however, were interrupted by a soft
giggle. We both froze before we whipped our heads to the nearest window.
A few figures ducked out of sight and I heard more giggling.
Arian and I glanced at each other and both smiled. I pressed a finger to
my lips before I tiptoed over to the window.
Gotcha! I shouted as I flung myself over the sill.
High-pitched screams erupted from the dozen or so kids who hid
themselves beneath the window. They scattered in all directions trying to
find a new hiding spot.
I laughed and beckoned to them with my hand. Come on back. Were
not mad at you.
The kids who had managed to find a hiding spot peeked out. Most had
only been able to crash onto the grass outside the window. They sat up and
stared at us with wide eyes.
The boy Id interacted with before slipped from behind a nearby tree
and marched over as if hed never been hiding. We smelled something
funny and thought the kitchen was on fire.
A stifled snort escaped me. Does it smell that bad?
His imperious expression softened and he bit his lower lip. Well, it-
It smells yummy! the girl whom Id rescued a few days before spoke
up. She scurried up to the window and placed her tiny hands against the
wall under the window. Her big eyes stared pleadingly up at me. Can I
have some?
I laughed and nodded. You can all have some but you have to come
inside for it.
And thus began a stampede.
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
T ,
and shoving as they vied for first place. They came crashing through the
doors and skidded to a stop in front of Arian and me. We scooted back to
avoid being swallowed up in the chaos as they made a haphazard cluster.
The young boy with the hilariously imposing manner caught sight of the
brownie pan. He marched up to the food and reached out to grab a square.
I swatted his hand. Not yet. Theyre still too hot.
He jerked his hand back and glared at me. A gasp arose from the other
children and some of them lost a bit of color on their faces. Even Arian
appeared shocked.
I blinked at the company. What?
The young scamp stepped back and stretched himself up to his full short
height. Nobody has dared touch me like you have. Dont you know Im the
prince?
I lifted an eyebrow. Youre a prince?
Not just any prince, Arian whispered to me. He is the grandson of
His Majesty.
Bravo, me. Id just slapped the hand of the heir to the throne.
The color dropped out of my face as I stared into the huffy face of a
future king. I swallowed the growing lump in my throat and managed a
shaky smile. Um, sorry about that, Your, um, Highness. I was just trying to
keep you from burning yourself, thats all. See? I hurried to remove a
square with a spatula and set it on a napkin. Steam rose from the piece. Its
still hot. You have to wait for it to cool a little before you can eat it or youll
burn your tongue.
He wrinkled his nose but some of his ire was deflated. Very well, but
you need to warn me about these things first, and no hitting.
I tucked my hands behind my back and sheepishly smiled at him. Of
course.
Why dont we get out a square for everyone? Arian spoke up.
I bobbed my head. A good idea!
I jumped at the chance for distraction and together we lifted out a square
for each child. That left only a few in the pan. The seconds felt like hours
but the steam finally stopped rising from the taken pieces. I picked up the
first one and held it out to the little prince.
I hope youll like it, I told him.
He accepted the gift and eyed the treat with uncertainty.
Just eat it! one of his friends insisted.
He scowled at his playmate. I am! Dont rush me! He returned his
attention to the food and took a dainty bite. A few crumbles fell from his
mouth as his eyes widened. This is really good! He dug into his piece
while the others clamored for theirs.
Arian and I doled them out and soon we had a crowd of children eagerly
munching on their treats. They dribbled crumbs all over the floor and their
faces, but their wide smiles made it all worth it.
One of the girls finished before the others and held out her hand. Can I
have another?
I glanced at the pan and shook my head. There isnt enough for
everyone to have another so youll have to wait for another batch.
When will you make it? another child spoke up.
I smiled and leaned down so I was eye-to-eye with her. Ill make one
very soon but you have to promise to be nice to each other, okay? She
bobbed her head.
What about the bowl? the prince wondered as he pointed at the dirty
dish.
I knitted my eyebrows together. Well, you could each dip a finger-
That was all the encouragement they needed. The children dove into the
bowl like a school of piranhas. Arian and I stood back and watched the
show with a mixture of curiosity and horror.
There seems to be quite a crowd in the kitchen today.
Arian and I spun around and discovered Prince Yushir standing in the
doorway. He strolled over to us with a playful smile on his lips. His
twinkling eyes noticed the children and he lifted his eyebrows.
Are we having cooking lessons today? he wondered.
I shook my head. Its more like taste-testing.
He lifted his nose to the air. Something does smell quite delicious.
Lady Anna has made a new treat! Arian chimed in.
Yushirs attention fell on the nearly-empty pan of brownies and he used
a hand to gesture to the treats. May I?
My eyes lit up. Oh! Of course!
I scooted over to the pan and plopped a square onto a napkin before
handing it to him. The prince bowed his head as he accepted the treat. He
studied the strange spongy texture before lifting the treat to his nose. This
smells very sweet and bitter. And you made this?
I nodded at Arian. Arian and I did.
From ingredients in the kitchen?
I shook my head. I. . .I used my magic.
His eyebrows shot up and his smile warmed but I detected a faint strain
at the corners of his mouth. You did? That is wonderful news. It means our
lessons have not only not gone to waste but that you truly do belong to the
heaven clan.
I blinked at him. Whys that?
Only those granted the gift of creation magic can be counted among
that number, he explained as he studied the treat. However did you think
of making such an item?
I nodded at my companion. Arian gave me the idea.
She blushed and bowed her head. It was nothing.
Yushir chuckled. I applaud your nothing and hope more nothings
come from your collaboration. Now then, time for a try. He broke off a
tiny piece and took a dainty bite. His eyes lit up and he eagerly swallowed.
This is delicious! he complimented as he tore another piece off. What is
it?
Its called chocolate, I told him as the children ransacked the table for
the few crumbs Arian and I had dropped from their pieces. Arian herself
held aloft the pan to keep their eager hands from devouring the remainder
of the brownies. Its a treat from my realm.
He smiled at the brownie before his twinkling eyes set on me. Do you
have any other delicacies from your world you wish for me to try?
Me first, uncle! Prince Kean spoke up as he squirmed out of the mess
of the other children.
Me, too! another child joined in.
I think you guys need to go out and play off some of that chocolate, I
countered as I shooed them toward the door.
The short prince dug his heels into the floor in front of the entrance and
stopped my advance. He turned and tugged on the front of my dress. Wont
you play with us?
My heart lifted at the kind invitation given so sincerely by the young
man. I leaned down and used a finger to wipe some brownie from the
corner of his lips. Not just yet. I need to clean up in here. You go on and
start without me, okay?
Kean nodded. Very well, but dont be long! He scurried away to join
his friends in a rousing game of catch with a ball.
Yushir came up beside me and watched the spirited children scamper
off. Half the brownie in his hand was already eaten and he held the rest like
it was a treasured heirloom. You seem to have made quite the impression
on the young prince.
I snorted. I made quite the impression on his hand earlier.
He lifted an eyebrow. Oh?
I hung my head but the truth was bound to come out sooner or later. I
swatted him because he was reaching for the hot food.
I was relieved and confused when the prince chuckled. Excellent.
My head shot up and I blinked at him. It is?
His affection-filled eyes watched the young prince scamper with the
others. He has been treated with a light hand his entire life. A little
swatting now and again will do him some good.
I breathed out a breath I hadnt realized Id been holding. Thank God. .
.
The princes amused gaze fell on me. To which one do you pray?
I shot up and shook my head. N-no one in particular. Its just a saying
where Im from.
I will have to remember that one, Yushir mused as he tucked the rest
of his treat into his large sleeve.
Worry nagged at my thoughts. Dont you like it?
Very much and I shall finish it after I have visited with someone, he
assured me as he turned and inclined his head to me. And I feel I must
thank you twice.
I blinked at him. Why twice?
He patted his sleeve where hed hidden the treat. Once for the delicious
sweet and another for livening up our lives with your interesting offers.
I blushed and shook my head. I havent done very much.
Yushirs eyes sparkled as she studied me. Perhaps you have done more
than you would guess but I must leave before the temptation to consume
your sweet overwhelms me. Good day.
Arian and I bowed our heads as the prince left. I closed the kitchen
doors behind him and leaned my back against the entrance. A heavy sigh
escaped me but I found Arian smiling at me. What? I asked her.
She grasped her hands in front of her and shook her head. I was just
thinking you were smiling more often.
I laughed and pushed off from the door. I cant help it. Those kids are
too cute. Now then- I brushed my hands together as I inspected the many
crumbs of brownies that dotted the worktable and the floor. Lets see about
getting this cleaned up.
Arian bowed her head to me. Allow me to do it. You can join the
children in their fun.
I clapped a hand on her shoulder and led her toward our workstation.
Im not letting you deal with all this mess alone, now no more arguing and
lets get started.
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
Y .
His footsteps pointed toward the general direction of the palace of His
Majesty but he ran into trouble along the main thoroughfare, or rather,
trouble ran into him. The screams ahead of him were the first sign of
something amiss.
A half dozen goddesses scurried past him with frightened looks on their
faces. They glanced over their shoulders down the street and Yushir
followed their gaze. The slim figure of Lord Kang could be seen strolling
down the walkway. He had an oblivious smile on his face as he bowed his
head to those terrified onlookers who quivered on the sidelines. The beast
who had pretended to attack Anna trotted at his side, its tongue lolling out
one side of its mouth.
Men and women alike skirted around the pair and one of the gods even
marched up to Kang. What are you doing with that beast here? he
snapped as he stabbed a finger at the animal. You have your stables in the
outskirts where you can walk them!
Kangs smile didnt falter even a fraction of an inch as he patted the top
of his animals head. Mew here has grown tired of the view from the
stables so I decided to take him for a walk around here. Surely you dont
object.
O-of course I object! the other god sputtered as he swept an arm over
the area. You are frightening everyone with your selfish action!
Is there a problem here? Yushir chimed in as he strolled up to the pair.
The men both bowed their heads to the prince before the irritated one
waved a hand at Kang. This fool has brought his pet to wander the streets
without any care for the rest of us.
Kang draped an arm over his pets back and leaned against the creature.
There really is no need to worry. Mew here is completely harmless. Arent
you, Mew? The creature opened its mouth in a yawn and revealed its many
sharp teeth.
The color drained from the other gods face before he rallied his
courage. As harmless as a nest of snakes!
Yushir patted the mans shoulder. I will second the comment that this
creature is harmless.
But I heard it attacked a goddess just the other day! the god insisted.
The prince laughed. That was merely a play we were acting out. There
was never any danger to the goddess.
Yushirs words seemed to soothe some of the gods shaky nerves but he
still cast a suspicious eye at the beast. Then I leave the care of this beast in
your hands, Your Highness.
The god moved away and the others did likewise, leaving the pair
mostly alone. Kang smiled at his compatriot. I am much obliged for your
good opinion of my pet, Your Highness.
You were rather lucky I happened to walk by, Yushir scolded him as
he led Kang and his pet away from the heavily trafficked thoroughfare and
to a side street. He turned to face the strange duo. What brings you out
here with your pet? You know His Majestys opinion on the matter.
Kang shook his head. It is because of His Majestys opinion that I have
brought Mew out here. He is concerned about the recent attacks on the
immortal villages in the lower realms and worries that someone may
attempt such an attack on our kingdom, so he has commanded me to walk
Mew a few times a week to inspect his lands.
Yushir lifted an eyebrow. His Majesty has that much concern that he
would frighten his subjects?
His companion pursed his lips and gave an affirmative nod. Very much
so. Rumors are swirling around the courts of the land immortals that a god
is behind the attacks.
Let us hope they remain just that, rumors, Yushir commented.
Mew lifted his snout in the air and his nose twitched. He strolled close
to Yushir and tried to stick his snout into the princes sleeve. Yushir jerked
his hand back and frowned at the beast. What is it doing?
Kang grinned at him. You seem to have something hidden in your
sleeve that Mew appears to want to eat.
Yushir tucked his arm behind his back and skirted the large beasts
curious nose. I fear I will have to disappoint your pet though I am glad to
see his sense of smell is up to the task His Majesty has assigned to you.
Kang clapped his hand on Mews back and nodded. You can count on
us, Your Highness. If there is trouble we will find it.
Yushir skirted the beast and walked backward toward the main street
with one eye on the animal. Then I will leave you to it.
Kang stood straight and puffed out his chest. We will bring honor to
ourselves, Your Highness!
The large beast licked its lips at Yushir. The prince spun around and
hurried away. I hope he remembered to feed that thing before he let it out on
this walk he wondered to himself.
Yushirs thoughts didnt linger long on the beast and its tamer as his
footsteps led him back on track toward his initial goal. The destination was
a palace close to that of His Majesty. The home was surrounded by high
walls of pure white and enclosed a large and luxurious garden. A gazebo
stood near a gurgling brook and fish swam in a pond on the opposite side of
the main path. The straight stone path traveled up to the low wide steps of
the porch which was attached to a long and wide single-floor home. The
roof was decked out with many peeks, however, that created an effect of an
imperial home.
The sliding doors were open and a single hall led to the very rear of the
building. The wide corridor gave an airy quality to the building and
windows had been placed at every opportunity to allow natural light to
stream inside. Doors on either side of the front half of the hall led into
spacious rooms filled with treasures of gold and bedrooms decked out in
white silk sheets and curtains. The rear half of the passage was completely
open except for a few tall screens and columns that propped up the roof and
separated seating areas.
A low reclining couch sat at the very end of the hall and Lord Eastwei
propped himself up on the comfortable furniture. The nearly-finished flute
sat on the low table in front of him along with a few half-open scrolls. The
lords eyes were closed and his breathing was regular. Yushir wondered if
he would have to rouse the lord from his slumber.
You have come at an irregular hour.
Yushir almost jumped at the other lords voice but he managed to
recover his composure behind a smile. Am I that late for tea?
Eastwei opened his eyes and studied his guest. You are both early and
late which means you have come for another purpose.
Yushir took a seat on his favored cushion near his hosts position and
smiled. I did have something rather interesting to show you. He reached
into his sleeve and drew out the half square of brownie. This.
Eastwei lifted an eyebrow. What is it?
I believe Lady Roberts called it a brownie, Yushir mused as he
turned the cake over in his hand. It is a treat she created only this day, and
she managed to use creation magic in its design. That is a very clear sign
that her training under my tutelage did not go to waste.
It is rather strange that she should be able to use her magic on a day
when she was not under your tutelage, Eastwei pointed out.
Yushirs smile faded a little but he cleared his throat. Yes, well, one
must let the bird leave the nest at some point to test its wings, but do you
know- He held aloft the treat so it glistened in the sun, -this reminds me
of something. The flavor calls to mind the tea Shian served us at her party.
He nibbled a bit of the treat and furrowed his brow. Yes, it does have that
sweet and yet bitter flavor. He cast a sideglance at his companion whose
attention lay on the sweet.
Then you have come to have me taste this treat? Eastwei guessed.
Im afraid not. Yushir plopped the rest of the treat in his mouth and
chewed with satisfaction before swallowing. There was hardly any of my
piece left to share though I do recall seeing more in the pan.
Yushir plucked a few crumbs from his lap and tossed them into his
mouth before looking up. He discovered his companion standing. Eastwei
walked past him and toward the door.
Yushir scurried to his feet. Where are you going?
Eastwei didnt break his stride when he replied. Out.
Yushir watched him go with a sly smile on his lips as he stroked his
chin. Interesting.
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
W
a short time? Arian muttered as she swept a broom across the floor. She
stared in disgust at the bits of crumbs that left streaks on the tiles. Or that
this would be so difficult to clean.
I brushed the bits off my damp towel and smiled at her. Itd be easier if
the mess was cool. They turn to rocks if they sit around long enough and
that makes it easier to clean up.
Arian paused in her sweeping and sighed. If only we could wait but the
maids will be here to prepare dinner in an-my goodness!
Her exclamation made me jump and I looked to see my friend ashen-
faced and pointing at the door. I turned in that direction and my face
drooped. Prince Keans head peeked inside and his face was a mess of
chocolate streaks. His hair and clothes were equally stained and tears
pooled in his big eyes.
I shot to my feet and we both hurried over to the boy. What
happened?
He shuffled over to us and rubbed one of his eyes. I. . .I only wanted
another one so I stuck it in my pocket, but then we started playing and I
forgot about it and I fell. Now its all over me and I dont know how to get
it off- Any further explanation was interrupted by a loud sniffle as his tears
exploded.
I knelt in front of him and grasped his shoulders as I gave him a good
look over. It shouldnt be too much trouble, but you have to wash up or
Im sure your mother will be very cross with you.
His eyes bulged out of his head. B-but I dont know how to clean it
up!
Then Ill help you do it, I promised.
Allow me, Arian spoke up as she grasped the young princes hand.
The baths are not easy to find.
I nodded. Then you go do that. Were almost done cleaning here,
anyway.
She nodded. I will return as soon as I am able.
I smiled and shook my head. Its fine. Ill get this finished in no time
and see you at the hall. Arian hesitated but I snatched the broom from her
and playfully swept the brushes against the bottom of her robes. Go on. Ill
be there in a few minutes, I promise.
She smiled and nodded before she turned her attention to the little
prince. Come along now, Your Highness. Well get you cleaned up in no
time. He nodded and allowed himself to be led away.
I sighed and shook my head before returning to the task at hand. As I
soon discovered, my optimistic words didnt match the chore before me.
There really were a lot of crumbs and they had rolled and been kicked in all
the tight places. I dropped to my hands and knees and crawled under one of
the nearby workstations where I discovered a litter of crumbs.
I had been under there only a few moments when I heard the pitter-
patter of small feet. I popped my head up and was just in time to watch a
half dozen children escape out the nearest window. Fear struck my heart
and I whipped my head about to look at the brownie pan. It was empty.
Theyd even taken most of the crumbs.
A smile touched my lips as I resumed my work under the table with my
trusty rag in hand. At least thatll be easy to clean. . . I murmured. I was
deep in my work when I heard another soft step of gentle shoes. A snort
escaped me. Youre too late, its all gone. The footsteps stopped close
beside me and I frowned when no response came. I drew my head out from
under the table and looked up at my guest. I said all the-
I found myself staring into the impassive face of Lord Eastwei. My
heart dropped into my stomach and I clutched my rag against myself. I
stood there in a dumb stupor, my mouth agape and my eyes as wide as
saucers.
He nodded at my chest. You are soiling yourself.
I dropped my gaze to my chest and discovered that Id clutched the wet
rag so tightly against myself that the front of my clothing was indeed damp.
My cheeks turned a nice shade of red and I wrenched the rag away from
me, showing off the damp area it had created. I spun around to face away
from him and snatched a dry towel which I furiously patted against myself.
Meanwhile, the lord sauntered over to my workstation with his usual
cat-like grace and his eyes settled on the empty pan. You have no more?
I blinked at the pan and the man for a moment before I understood his
meaning. N-no, Im afraid not. That is, not today. I might make more
tomorrow. I detected the faintest hint of emotion. Did you. . .did you want
me to save you one?
He lifted his eyes to stare straight ahead. If you feel you must.
I smiled and shook my head. It wouldnt be any problem. Did you
want me to have Arian deliver it to you later?
No need, he assured me as he turned away and toward the door. I
will get it myself.
And with that, he strolled out of the kitchen.
I stood there staring dumbly at where hed gone. My mind was a flurry
of questions. Why had he come here? How did he learn about the brownies?
Was he really coming back tomorrow?
A lump formed in my throat. The former ruler of the world wanted to
taste my brownies.
I took a deep breath and let it out. No pressure. He wasnt the ruler of
the world anymore and besides, maybe he wouldnt really show up.
Or maybe he would.
The question nagged my thoughts as I finished cleaning up. I walked
home in a daze, my mind still abuzz with what had happened at the end of
my brownie adventure. My thoughts must have been written in my posture
because Arian met me halfway down my garden path with a worried
expression on her face.
Are you well? she asked me as she looked me over.
I shook myself out of my reverie and smiled at her. Im fine. Why?
She leaned back and looked me over. You look. . .distracted.
I laughed and shook my head. Its nothing. Anyway, did you get the
prince all cleaned up?
Arian perked up and bobbed her head. Oh, yes! The brownie came
right off, though the clothes took more cleaning than I had hoped.
I grinned as we strolled down the path together toward the house.
Well have to remind him not to put it into his pocket tomorrow.
She stopped and lifted an eyebrow. Tomorrow?
I turned to face her and nodded. Yeah. I was going to make some more
tomorrow. Why? I something wrong?
Tomorrow the kitchen is being used by Lady Fann for her cooking
class.
My face fell. All day?
She nodded. All day. We wont have a chance to make anything until
the day after. She tilted her head to one side and studied my face. Is
something wrong?
I cleared my throat and managed a smile. No, its nothing. I guess I
was just looking forward to using my magic again.
She returned my smile with one of her own. Im sure you will have a
chance the day after.
But would I have another chance to see Lord Eastwei? And why did I
care so much if I did?
Lady Roberts! Oh, Lady Roberts!
Arian and I paused and half-turned toward the archway. A pair of
elegant goddesses hurried down the path toward us with bright smiles on
their faces. They stopped and bowed their heads to me.
Thank you so much for treating my little girl! one of the women
complimented me.
I blinked at her before realization struck. Your little girl got a brownie
today?
She straightened and nodded. Yes, and she was so struck by your
kindness and your wonderful cooking skills that she came home with
nothing but admiration for you.
And my little boy did the same, as well, the other woman chimed in
as she bobbed her head. He was so thrilled by your wonderful cooking that
he begged me to make some of these, um-
Brownies? I suggested.
She nodded. Yes, that is what he said, but I told him I had no idea how
to cook them.
You wouldnt wish to tell us our recipe, would you? the first parent
wondered.
I bit my lower lip. Its not that I dont want to, its just that, well-
She conjured the main ingredient from magic, Arian spoke up.
The womens faces became downcast. Oh, I see, the first one replied
before she managed a smile again. Well, then I will have to plead with you
to make some more when you have the time.
I nodded. Ill be sure to do that and make sure the kids get some.
The second one clapped her hands. Wonderful! Thank you so much
and have a good day. They bowed their heads and scuttled off.
I turned to Arian with surprise written all over my face. I never thought
anyone would care that much about brownies to visit me.
She smiled and nodded. Of course they would! Theyre delicious! We
will have to make a double batch the day after tomorrow.
I nodded as I followed her into the house. The day after tomorrow.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
H
mortal has conjured up?
The question came from Lady Bidao as she lounged on her side under
the portico roof of Lady Shians home. Her hostess sat near her at the low
table with a teacup in hand.
Shian paused in her drinking and wrinkled her nose. You mean what
those children are talking about? I am surprised you care what those brats
talk about.
Bidao plucked a loose string from the cushion beneath her and scoffed.
I do not care a jot for those brats, but their mothers have done nothing but
talk about it since yesterday. I heard that two of them even visited her home
yesterday to plead with her for the recipe, and do you know what?
Shian smiled and shook her head. I do not know until you tell me.
Bidao sat up with a look of disgust written on her face. She refused
them!
Her hostess lifted an eyebrow. Why?
Bidao fell back on the cushions and shrugged. Who knows? Perhaps
she desires to keep such a prized treat to herself and seek favors from their
parents. Even the young prince himself is gushing about the treat.
Shian took a sip of her tea and patted the cushion beside her. Let them
gush. We shall be above the fray and not seek them at all.
A sly smile slipped onto Bidaos lips as she slid over to her hostess and
took up her cup. Shall we occupy our time with more pleasant thoughts?
Such as those about Lord Eastwei?
Shian grinned. A wonderful idea.
Perhaps we might go visit him today? It has been some time since you
saw him last, Bidao suggested.
Shian stared ahead and furrowed her brow. But I have no reason to
speak with him.
No reason? What about the Twilight Fair that is drawing near? Bidao
suggested. You are to be in charge of the decorations, are you not?
Shian nodded. I am.
And should his palace not be properly decorated?
Shian laughed and set down her cup. You are as devious as you are
beautiful.
A wonderful compliment! Bidao agreed as they both stood and
hurried down the path.
Their feet took them to the abode of the great lord but they were greeted
not by his stoic face but that of his manservant.
The servant was about thirty years old in appearance with a bright eager
face and a lithe form. He wore plain robes of light blue over white and
greeted them with a bright smile. Good afternoon, My Ladies. How may I
help you?
Good afternoon, Puren, Shian returned as she looked past him at the
closed doors to the palace. Is your master at home?
Puren shook his head. Im afraid not, Lady Shian. He has just left for
the kitchens.
Bidao snorted. The kitchens? Has your master taken up the art of
cooking as well as flute making?
Puren shook his head. Im not sure, Lady Bidao. I only know he has
gone there.
Bidao grabbed her friends hand. Then we shall see if we might try
some of his cooking before the others in Lady Fanns class get all the good
morsels. Good day, Puren.
He bowed his head. Good day, My Ladies.
The pair hurried out of the palace grounds and down the many streets to
the kitchen. They found the place a cluster of activity as Lady Fann
instructed the maids and a few of the ladies on how to cook a few
scrumptious meals. Their target, however, was nowhere to be found.
Bidao hurried up to Lady Fann and bowed her head to the teacher.
Good afternoon and my apologies for disrupting your class, but have you
seen Lord Eastwei recently?
Lady Fann smiled and nodded. Of course. He was just here not more
than a minute ago inquiring as to the students. The lord seemed rather
disappointed that someone was missing among the number.
Who? Shian asked her.
Why, that new goddess who dropped into his garden, Fann told them
with a wink. If I didnt know any better Id say he was slightly smitten
with her. Then again, I did hear he found her naked atop his favorite resting
couch.
Bidao noticed that her companions smile had taken on a stiff quality at
the corners and so she quickened the conversation. I did hear something of
the sort. Do you know where he went?
Lady Fann shook her head. Im afraid not.
Bidao bowed her head. Thank you and sorry for the trouble.
No trouble at all, Fann assured her as the two women hurried away.
And dont forget youre always welcome to join my class, Lady Shian!
The impertinence of that old fool. . . Bidao grumbled as they left the
building. She looked to her friend who had a worried expression. Is
something the matter?
Shian lifted her chin and her eyebrows crashed down. What is the
quickest route to Fanshe Hall?
Bidao wrinkled her nose. Why ever would you want to go there?
Never mind, I will find it myself.
Shian rushed off in the direction of the mentioned hall. Wait a
moment! Bidao shouted as she hurried after her friend.
Shians heart pounded in her chest as she hurried down the streets
toward the hoary hall. A suspicion nagged at her thoughts as her friend
caught up to her wheezing out each breath as though it was her last.
Really, Bidao muttered between gasps. Must we hurry so?
He may have already reached there, Shian snapped.
Bidao blinked at her. He? Lord Eastwei? A choked laugh managed to
escape her panting lips. Surely you jest. He was no doubt making inquiries
of the girl for his friend Prince Yushir.
Shian didnt look convinced as they rounded a corner and the road in
front of Fanshe Hall was presented to them. So was the retreating back of
Lord Eastwei.
My Lord! Shian shouted as she hurried to catch up to him. Dadan!
Eastwei paused only a few steps shy of the archway that led into Fanshe
Hall and half-turned to her. Shian trotted up a disheveled mess. Bidao was
worse, wheezing and gasping.
Eastweis dark eyes flitted over her disheveled person. Is anything the
matter?
Shian pressed her hand against her chest and managed to catch her
breath enough to smile at him. N-nothing at all. I noticed you here and
only thought to accompany Your Highness on your walk.
I have finished my walk, he replied.
She blinked at him. Pardon?
He turned his face toward the archway and nodded at the entrance.
This is my destination.
Her heart cratered into her stomach but she retained some of her
composure as she pulled back the wild strains of her hair. I-I see. Do you
visit the-that is, do you visit Lady Roberts on account of your friend, Prince
Yushir?
No. On account of myself.
A little color drained from her face. O-oh. How kind of you to visit
her.
Eastwei didnt reply but stepped forward and through the archway.
Shian grabbed her friends hand and tugged her after the lord. The trio
strolled down the path toward the small hall. The front doors were open and
Anna and Arian sat on the porch enjoying the shade.
The pair noticed the crowd and jumped to their feet. They bowed to the
lord and his entourage as they came up to the home.
G-good afternoon, Lord Eastwei, Anna stuttered as her hands fidgeted
with each other in front of her. She noticed her nervous quirk and quickly
tucked her hands behind her. What are you doing here?
You said you would make more of your treats today.
Anna blushed as Lady Bidao noticed her friend beside her stiffen. Their
hostess cleared her throat. Im really sorry about that. I didnt know the
kitchen was going to be used today and I didnt really think. . . Her voice
trailed off.
Didnt think what? Eastwei questioned her.
Anna bowed her head. I didnt think youd really come for some.
I am here now, he pointed out.
She bobbed her head. I-I know, and Im really sorry. Her eyes lit up
and she clasped her hands together in front of her with her palms turned up.
But I might be able to make up for no brownies this way. She squinted
her eyes and silver light twinkled over her fingers. Slim threads of magic
wound their way across her palms and in a few moments, a small bar of
chocolate had formed. The sweet dropped into her palms and she stepped
off the porch to hold out the gift to the lord. You can have this.
He studied the brown block with a curious eye. What is it?
Its the main ingredient for the brownies. Its called chocolate, Anna
explained as she nodded at the bar. It wont taste quite the same but maybe
this will do until I can make some more.
No need, Eastwei assured her as he grasped the bar between his
fingers and lifted it to his face so he could study the smooth texture. This
will do.
Anna smiled and bowed her head. Im so glad.
Shians face was a mess of red and her body quivered. Bidao noticed
her friends growing lack of composure and set a hand on her shoulder.
Careful, she whispered.
Anna noticed the two women and managed to keep a smile on her lips.
Did you two want some chocolate, too?
Bidao plastered a stiff toothy grin on her face and shook her head. N-
no, not right now. In fact, we just wanted to admire your gardens for a few
moments. Theyre very pretty.
Anna swept her eyes over the area and nodded. It is. I heard you were
in charge of the palaces. Her words were addressed to Lady Shian. Thank
you so much for making such a pretty garden here.
Shian inclined her head. It was no trouble.
Bidao laughed and grasped her friends shoulders. Well, we should be
going. Good afternoon. She only waited long enough for Anna to reply
before she whisked her friend out of the compound.
Shian hardly waited for them to be on the other side of the wall before
she stomped her foot. That witch!
Keep your voice low! Bidao hissed as she nodded at the archway only
a dozen steps from where they stood. They might hear you!
Let them hear me! Shian snapped.
Including Lord Eastwei?
The mention of the lord dampened some of her ire, but not all of it.
Shians lips curled into a sneer as she glared ahead of them. If she thinks
she can win his heart with such an ugly thing then she is sorely mistaken.
We shall see who he favors most. And with that proclamation, she stomped
off with her friend following behind her.
While Shian cursed her rival Lord Eastwei had remained in the gardens.
He studied the chocolate a moment before giving one corner a gentle
nibble. The lord drew the candy away and licked his lips. This is quite
good.
Anna smiled and bowed her head to him. Thank you, Your Highness.
Im glad you like it. If you need any more or would like some brownies
dont hesitate to ask.
He inclined his head slightly before he tucked the food into his sleeve
and left, leaving behind the curiosity of the occupants.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
I L E !
The squeal came from Arian as she sat at the table with me in my
humble abode. I blushed and swatted her arm. You make it sound like he
came to see me. All he wanted was some chocolate.
But he hardly ever visits anyone! she insisted.
I lifted an eyebrow. Why not?
Lord Eastwei has few friends and even fewer whom he would consider
close, she explained as she squirmed atop her mat. And he chose you to
visit!
I snorted and shook my head. Youre reading too much into this. All he
wanted was some food and that was almost a week ago. I doubt hell ever
step foot in my gardens again. I clapped my hands and rubbed them
together. Now then, whats there to do today?
You could make more brownies for the children, Arian suggested.
The kitchen shouldnt be used for anything other than the meals.
I furrowed my brow. Im not so sure thats a good idea. I dont want
the kids to think they need that stuff every other day.
Lady Roberts! Lady Roberts! Speaking of the little demons.
Arian and I didnt even have a chance to stand before a herd of a half
dozen children scurried through the open doors. The little prince himself
was in the lead and the loudest among them as he ran up to me and grabbed
my hand.
You didnt play with us the other day! he scolded me as he tugged on
my hand. So you must play with us now!
I set my hand atop his and laughed. Why must I play with you now?
Because you wont know any of the hiding spots so well find you
easy, one of the other ones spoke up.
A sly twinkle slipped into my eyes. So thats the game, huh? Hide and
seek? And you want someone to be it?
You dont have to be it right away, little Lia assured me.
But you will have to be it if youre found first, the prince insisted as
he tugged on my hand. Now will you play or not?
I laughed and stood. Ill play but you have to give me my arm back.
After we get to the forest! he promised as he pulled me out of the
house.
The forest was a quaint little grove of trees with a stone path through
the center. The buildings that surrounded the acre of trees were larger than
the homes and were without walls. I noticed one of them was a bathhouse
where Arian undoubtedly would have taken the young prince for his
chocolate cleaning.
As promised, Kean released my hand after we arrived and turned to face
me. I will be it the first time and anyone found first will be it the second
time and so forth. You can hide anywhere around the grove but you cant go
beyond the path around the public buildings. Does everyone understand?
The children bobbed their heads so I did the same, even though I wasnt
sure to which path he was referring. Very well. I will start counting to fifty
and you hide.
He skipped over to a nearby tree and closed his eyes before he pressed
his forehead against the smooth bark. One. Two. Three.
The children squealed and scattered in all directions. I hurried along the
path searching for a place big enough to hide me. All the little giggles in the
area told me the children were well aware of my greater girth. I would be
it forever unless I could find a really good spot every time.
I rushed past the last of the trees and found myself on a wide path that
seemed to make a ring around the grove. This then was the fabled boundary
Kean had mentioned. Fortunately for me, he hadnt said I couldnt use it to
find a good spot around the grove. I hurried onward with one half of my
mind trying to count down the seconds until my inevitable doom. There
wasnt a single spot among the benches, tiny bushes, and large boulders
where I could hide.
I arrived at an intersection where the path turned all the usual three
other ways. My heart pounded in my chest as my panicked feet led me
rightward down the boundary line. A deep canal with a stream ran on my
right and my left was a single large building with a domed top. The gilded
windows and wide stairs with three tiers told me it was something
important.
My best chance at a hiding spot.
I hurried up the steps as the countdown in my head reached zero. He
would be looking for me soon. I reached the pair of doors and opened one,
hurrying inside without giving the interior a thought. I spun around and
pushed the door shut with my arms. All I could hear was my heart as I
pressed my ear against the wood. Nothing could be heard from outside.
What are you doing?
My body froze before I whipped my head around. The building Id
entered was obviously a performing hall with stairs just behind me that led
up to the elevated ground floor. The interior was shaped like an
amphitheater with curved seating that faced a large open stage on a low
platform.
My heart skipped a beat when I beheld the stoic of Lord Eastwei seated
cross-legged on the stage. A wooden flute lay in his lap and his hands were
tucked into the sleeves of his robe. He stared at me with those intense eyes.
Id just interrupted his practice.
I-Im so sorry, I stuttered as I pawed at the door behind me with both
hands and finally found the handle. I didnt know anyone was in here.
Why did you come in here? he wondered.
I was just playing a game, I told him as I tightened my grip on the
handle. I turned my face toward the door as I futilely tried to hide my
shaking. But Ill be going now-
Wait a moment. I glanced over my shoulder with confusion in my
eyes. He grasped the flute in both hands and held it up to his lips. I would
have your opinion on this instrument.
I shook my head. I dont really know anything about music.
He lowered the flute and nodded. Then you are perfect. A trained
musician be prejudiced against any other style but their own while a novice
would have no such scruples.
My face fell as I tried to decipher his meaning. Had he just insulted or
complimented me?
I half-turned and gave him my best inauthentic smile. Since Im such a
novice I doubt Id be very helpful to you.
I will be the judge of that, he countered as he lifted the flute to his
lips.
The lord closed his eyes and blew. A sweet melody floated out of the
instrument and glided over the room, filling the auditorium with a sweet,
romantic sound. I didnt recognize the tune but the melody was like a gentle
lullaby.
What was most amazing of all, however, were the butterflies that flew
out of the singing air. They formed from the sound itself and were
translucent wonders of magic colored with all the hues I could imagine and
then some. The magical figures flitted about the center of the room leaving
a trail of stardust behind them. I couldnt help but move up the stairs and
step into their midst. They danced around me and I followed them, spinning
in circles as laughter burst out of me.
The sweet melody faded and the butterflies also vanished. I turned to
the lord and furiously clapped. That was wonderful!
He lowered the flute and lifted an eyebrow at me. The common
courtesy would be for you to bow.
Some of the color drained from my face and I clapped my hands against
my front before I bowed my head. I-Im so sorry! There was no sudden
response and I looked up to find him rising with the flute grasped in one
hand. He didnt look irritated but he didnt quite have that indifferent
expression Id come to expect, either. The imperious lord almost looked. .
.pleased?
There you are!
The noise came from behind me and I spun around to find Prince Yushir
and Prince Kean entering through the doors. The elder prince strolled but
the younger one was having none of it. He rushed up to me and grabbed my
hand.
A frown creased his pouting lips as he tugged on my limb. You went
beyond the bounds! That means youre it!
I grasped his hand and cast a furtive glance at the imperious lord to see
if he wasnt still irritated with me. He had the usual impassive expression.
Thats fine. Ill be it all day long if you want.
Kean blinked at me. Really?
I bobbed my head. Really and Im ready to start the next game right
now.
I swept us past the elder prince and made a quick bow of my head. He
returned the gesture with a smile playing on his lips. We left the music hall
behind us along with my awkward mistake.
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
P Y L E
reached the center of the room. He nodded down at the instrument. So its
finished?
Eastwei nodded. It is.
And you have tried playing it?
I have.
The prince half-turned toward the closed door. Was the lovely Lady
Roberts in attendance?
She happened to come inside, Eastwei admitted as he strolled toward
the door himself.
Yushir quickly followed at his side. You wont play it for me?
I have tested it. That is all I desired to do, came the bland reply.
Yushir raced in front of his companion and faced him at the top of the
stairs. And what did your audience of one think of the flute?
Eastwei stared at him with a face that almost showed the emotion of
irritation. She said it was satisfactory.
The prince lifted an eyebrow. Is that all? Surely a flute you have been
working on for so long would produce a stronger result from her.
Should it? Eastwei countered.
Yushir shrugged. She is not very familiar with magic and I thought that
any you could perform would most definitely please her.
Why do you choose me? the lord persisted.
Yushir leaned toward his friend and narrowed his eyes in study. Why
do you care?
Eastweis usual indifferent expression reappeared and he strolled around
Yushir. I do not.
Yushir hurried after him and caught up outside the venue. Your
questions were hardly in line with your usual indifference. Could it be that
the Lady Roberts said more than just satisfactory?
That would hardly matter, Eastwei commented as he turned and
followed the path around the grove.
But it matters to me, Yushir insisted. I would most dearly like to hear
what she had to say about your music.
Eastwei paused and turned his head to look down the forest path. The
children were scrambling to find their hiding spots and Anna leaned against
a tree with her head against her crossed arms.
One! Two! Three! she shouted as the kids tucked themselves into
every nook and cranny they could find.
Yushir stepped forward to peek around his friend and saw where his
gaze lay. A sly smile slipped onto his lips before he covered it with his usual
affable one. Well, it is a relief to know you will be able to play it for the
coming festival. My uncle was sorely worried he would have to find
another-
You may tell your uncle I will keep my promise, Eastwei assured him
as he continued on his way.
W-wait a moment! Yushir stuttered as he took a few steps after his
friend. Eastweis pace, however, told him the conversation was over. He
folded his arms over his chest and sighed. He must enjoy cloaking himself
in secrecy.
Yushir turned his attention back to the grove. Anna had reached fifty
and was now tiptoeing over the grove searching for her prey. The prince
smiled as she found one of the children who squealed in delight. Anna
snatched them as they tried to make an escape and trapped them in a bear
hug. She spun them in a circle with both of them laughing before she set the
child down.
Yushir smiled but his happiness was short-lived when a god hurried up
to him, out of breath and with a frightened expression on his face. Your
Highness, he wheezed as he clutched his chest and bowed his head.
Urgent news.
The prince knitted his eyebrows together. What is it?
The messengers eyes darted over to the children and Anna. I cannot
say just now-
Then lead me somewhere where you can say, Yushir commanded him.
Then I will lead you to the troubles, the messenger replied.
Yushir and his guide hurried down the many streets and across one of
the wide, long bridges that connected the main island to one of the smaller
ones. The prince soon realized their destination. We are headed to the
outskirts of Kangs farm, are we not?
His guide turned his head to one side and nodded. We are, Your
Highness. The trouble happened at the edge of the island opposite the
bridge.
The pair crossed the bridge and passed a large farm with dozens of
corrals and stables. A variety of animals of all shapes and sizes occupied the
paddocks though the one closest to the palace was unoccupied. Yushir knew
what that meant. The beast that had attacked Anna was out.
They left behind the corrals and a few small fields before arriving at the
edge of the island. A thin strip of trees covered the end of the land and a
small contingent of guards stood at the edge. They stood erect at the
princes coming and bowed to him.
If I knew who it was we would not be standing here?
The voices came from the other side of the trees and Yushir took the
lead with his guide bringing up the rear. The prince discovered Kang and
his pet standing a few steps from the edge of the abyss. Pampir faced him
and Lord Eastwei stood off to the side with his gaze fixed on the ground. A
strange blackened bulb lay on the ground atop scorched earth.
What has happened? Yushir spoke up, interrupting their argument.
Pampir shot straight up and bowed his head to the prince. Your
Highness, this fool- He lifted his head high enough to glare at Kang, -
nearly allowed someone entrance into the heavens.
I did no such thing! Kang objected and Mew made his protests known
by growling at the delegate.
Pampir shrank away from the beast but kept his ground. H-how dare
you threaten me! I am a delegate from the king!
Kang stroked the back of Mews head. You are the one threatening me
with worse by falsely accusing me of being lax in my borders.
That is enough, Yushir commanded and the trio fell silent. His eyes
darted between the two. Will someone kindly give me the details?
Kang nodded. I will, Your Highness. I was out this afternoon tending
to the fields when Mew here sensed something. Didnt you, girl? Mew
nudged his hand with the top of her head and purred.
Go on! Pampir snapped.
Kang scowled at him but an impatient look from the prince held his
tongue. Mew led me in this direction and I saw someone trying to enter
through the holy barrier. He nodded at the edge of the abyss. Just there.
The barrier was making quite a fuss pushing the person back. Sparks flew
and everything.
Was it a man or a woman? Yushir asked him.
He shook his head. I could not say, but they had a strap slung over their
shoulder and a large leather bag at their hip. The intruder saw us coming
and dropped backward out of sight. I rushed up here but the clouds had
already hidden them if they hadnt teleported away already.
Yushir moved closer to his introspective friend. What of this thing on
the ground?
It was dropped by the intruder from their bag and the moment it
touched the earth it burned, Kang explained.
Eastwei knelt and stretched out a hand toward the thing. The tip of his
finger brushed against the blackened thing and the creation exploded into a
powder of dust. The black bits settled onto the ground and disintegrated to
nothing, leaving only the scorched earth.
What do you make of it? Yushir asked him.
Eastwei frowned and opened his hand so the palm faced the ground.
Fire shot out and blasted the marred earth, turning the dirt into a sheen of
fine glass that reflected the sun.
Why did you do that? Pampir asked the lord as he stood.
Whatever it was had infected the earth with its sordid magic, Eastwei
revealed as he tucked his hands into his sleeves. We should investigate the
rest of the islands to guarantee there are no others.
Kang nodded. Mew and I will do that right now. Come on, Mew! The
pair turned and rushed off.
But what was it? Yushir questioned his old friend.
Eastwei furrowed his brow, a sign that worried the prince more than the
baked ground. Im not sure.
A chill ran down Yushirs spine. Eastwei stepped forward to the edge
and raised one hand toward the abyss. A red glow emanated from his hand
and thin threads floated out of his palm. The tendrils brushed against the
invisible wall Kang had mentioned and made it visible for a few brief
moments. In that time, it thickened the shimmering magic before both
magicks faded.
Eastwei lowered his hand. I have added my own ward to the kings
barrier. If anyone should attempt entrance around this island then I will
know.
A brilliant idea, Emperor Eastwei! Pampir lauded as he bobbed his
head. A very good plan! Now nothing shall get through.
Eastwei didnt acknowledge the praise but turned and left, leaving his
admirer hanging. Yushir inclined his head to the lord and hurried after his
friend.
Do we have nothing to worry about? Yushir asked him in a quiet
voice.
Eastwei stared ahead with his eyebrows knitted together. I dont
know.
Yushir pursed his lips as he looked forward. Two of those in one day
from you. This must be serious.
CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
I ! I I
doorway.
Arian popped her head out of her room with her arms full of bundles of
dirty bedding. Would you like me to accompany-oops!
The bundle decided to make an escape and most of it slid to the floor. I
laughed and strode forward to help her gather up the mess. Its fine. I dont
want to get in your way and I was just going to go out and draw, anyway.
She pursed her lips. Very well, but please be mindful. There was that
rumor a few days ago about the barrier almost being breached.
I promise not to approach that edge, I swore with all my heart as I
folded up some of the mess.
We soon got Arian and the bedding straightened and I set out on my
journey. My sketch pad was tucked under one arm and my head was filled
with possibilities. There was the grove where I had played hide-and-seek
with the children, or even the performance hall.
My cheeks blushed a little at the remembrance of the lords
performance. The song had been so soft and sweet, almost the opposite of
his icy and stoic nature.
Hes not that way.
I cocked my head and glared up at nothing in particular. Oh really?
He helped you with your drawing, didnt he?
I glanced down at my pad and had to admit he had told me what was
wrong and hed done it without making fun of me. A gentle smile slipped
onto my lips before I could tamp it down. Here I was admiring a god who
had been around since before the creation of continents. He probably didnt
even remember my face.
But hed remember your cooking.
Shut it, I growled at myself.
A few passing ladies stared at me with fear. I sheepishly smiled at them
and they skirted around me. A sigh escaped my lips as I plodded on. It
wasnt easy making friends with the upstanding citizens of the heavens. It
was far easier to make enemies, one of which I met on my wandering
through the gardens.
Good morning, Lady Roberts.
I started at the greeting and turned to my left to see Lady Bidao strolling
down a narrow side path toward me. She had a wide smile on her lips that
didnt quite reach her eyes.
I stiffly bowed my head. Good morning.
She stopped and studied my person. You have a very plain set of robes
on this day. It suits you.
I tightened my grip on my sketchbook at the back-handed compliment
but I managed to keep my smile on my lips. A devilish idea slipped into my
mind. Thank you. Your dark dress is very becoming on you, as well.
Do you think so? she mused as she admired her dark blue robes and
swished them about.
I nodded. Very much. Their shadows match the ones under your eyes.
Bidao stiffened before she whipped her head up and glared at me with
those accented eyes. What do you mean by that?
I feigned
ignorance. I
thought perhaps dark eyeshadow was
fashionable in the heavens. Did I say something wrong?
She lifted her chin and looked down her beaked nose at me. Perhaps in
your ignorance you misspoke, but if you will excuse me, I have somewhere
I need to be. And with that, she swished herself away.
I breathed a sigh of relief and continued on my way. The beautiful
morning couldnt be marred by my unexpected companion though I paused
and frowned up at the sun. Cant you take a night off for once? I asked it.
A cloud floated past and made the sun blink as if in refusal. I shrugged and
meandered my way through the gardens.
Nothing piqued my attention until I found myself on the far side of the
creek from the huge boulder where Id made my first drawing. I stepped out
from around a building but darted back immediately.
Lord Eastwei was again reclining on the wood bench.
Doesnt he have anything else to do? I wondered to myself.
Do you? came the snarky reply, especially when I remembered why I
was wandering about in the first place.
That gave me a brilliant idea. I knelt on one knee and peeked around the
corner. The ancient lord rested his head on his hand and his eyes were
closed. If ever I had a chance it would be now.
I tiptoed out of my hiding spot and down the walk toward the edge of
the canal. A short row of small bushes decorated the path and I ducked
behind them before peering out. He was still asleep.
I pulled out my pencil and flipped through my sketchbook. Id drawn a
few odds and ends since my adventure with the lord but they were mostly
of plants and a few birds. Nothing to really inspire me like the human face.
Or the face of a god.
I peeked out from my hiding spot and studied his features before
tucking myself behind the bushes. I dont know how long performed this
strange game of peek-a-boo but long enough to get a rough sketch of the
handsome lord. I held my work at arms length and nodded. Not bad for
being so far away.
There you are.
I stiffened and curled into myself. Footsteps on the other side of the
creek approached the bench. I peeked over the top and watched Prince
Yushir join his companion. He admired the area and nodded. A very restful
place. I can see why you would enjoy it here.
Eastwei didnt open his eyes when he replied. Surely you have come
for some other reason than to comment on that.
Yushir nodded. My uncle wishes to see you about the trouble a few
days ago. It seems whatever was found at the point of intrusion may be
involved with the attacks on the land immortals.
The great lord opened his eyes at that revelation and frowned. What do
you mean?
One of the people who discovered the ruined villages gave a
description to my uncle of something that was found among the
desolation, Yushir explained as he paced the ground in front of the bench,
his hands clasped behind his back and one finger fidgeting with his ring.
The description somewhat matches what we found at the intrusion.
My heart pounded in my chest as I listened to their conversation. I
couldnt follow everything that was said, but the seriousness of their tones
told me that they were worried. That part about an intrusion really didnt
sound good.
My uncle also wishes to discuss with you security details for the
coming festival, Yushir added as the lord sat up. A frown creased the
princes lips. You will have extra duties managing the vendors from the
land. Pampir has insisted on vetting them himself but I have little faith he
will succeed in weeding out any who may be a threat.
Kang would be more fitting, Eastwei commented as he stood.
Yushir turned to him and nodded. So I thought as well, but my uncle
made the promise several weeks ago and could not go back on his word
without insulting the eager lord. That is why my uncle wishes to ask you
about setting up another ward over the festival area.
Eastwei nodded. Very well. I will see him.
Yushir led the way and Eastwei skirted the arm of the bench. However,
he paused beside his resting seat and turned his head far enough so one eye
fell in my direction. The color drained from my face and I ducked down
low. He continued to stare for a few seconds longer before looking away
and following his friend.
I slumped down and clutched my hand over my beating heart. Had he
known I was here the entire time?
CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
I I
to my home with my prized sketch in hand. Arian greeted me with a smile
but one look at my face made her good humor falter.
Is something the matter? she asked me.
I shook my head. Not really. I just couldnt find anything god-I mean,
good to draw.
Her eyes twinkled with a knowing light but she nodded. What a pity.
I leaned back and looked her over. Why dont I try drawing you?
Her eyes widened and she blinked at me. Me? Why would you want to
do that?
I smiled and shrugged. Why not? Youre very pretty. Even better
looking than Lady Bidao.
Arian blushed and lowered her face. You praise me too highly, Lady-
Un-huh, I playfully warned her.
Anna, she finished.
I set a hand on her shoulder and grinned. For that mistake, I demand
you pose for me.
I led her toward the house where I seated her on the porch steps. She
was as pliable as a wood board as I tried to position her in the most
becoming way.
Relax, I told her as I twined her hands together in her lap. Im
drawing your picture not forcing you to listen to my singing.
Her ears perked up. Do you sing?
I laughed and shook my head. Not really. I scooted back and plopped
my butt on the ground a few feet in front of her. I opened my sketchbook,
leaned it against my bent knees, and focused on my subject. I was so
focused on my work that I didnt notice the little pitter-patter of feet behind
me.
Lady Anna!
That was the only warning I had before a pair of tiny arms wrapped
around my neck and a small body draped over my back. I twisted my head
around and found myself staring into Lias adorable face. Prince Kean stood
behind her trying to appear imperious with his arms crossed over his chest.
Hey, guys, I greeted them as I patted Lias arms. What are you doing
here?
Kean nodded at Lia as she slid off my back. She wanted to come see
you.
Thats very sweet of you to do that, I thanked her as she sat beside
me.
Her eyes grew big when she noticed my sketch. Did you make that?
Even Kean stepped up to my back to take a peek.
I nodded. I did. Do you like it?
She bobbed her head. Oh yes! It looks just like her!
Arian stretched her neck to catch a view. Does it?
I laughed and turned the book around so she could see. Hows that?
She studied the picture and her mouth fell open. Thats wonderful!
Lemme try! Lia pleaded as she hopped up and down.
Alright, but what do you want to draw? I asked her as I attempted to
flip the page. The oil on my hand had made the page a little sticky and it
stuck to its predecessor. I ended up flipping both pages and revealing my
previous sketch.
Lias eyes widened and she stabbed a finger at the picture. I like that
one even better!
Kean leaned forward and squinted at the sketch. Isnt that Lord
Eastwei?
Is it? Arian spoke up as she stood.
Its nothing! I stuttered as I tried to peel the pages apart.
Arian scurried over and got a look at my sketch before it succeeded in
hiding it. Her eyes twinkled and a smile slipped onto her face. Is that
drawn from life?
I blushed and bowed my head. Y-yeah.
You must have had to stare at him a long time to draw him so nicely!
Lia complimented me.
Well, not too long, I assured her as I handed her my pencil. Now its
your turn to draw. What do you want to try drawing?
She pointed the tip of the pencil at Kean. I want to draw Kean!
He rolled his eyes but the corners of his lips twitched up. I guess you
can draw me, but I dont want to sit here all day.
His step was quite eager as he took Arians spot on the steps. I let Lia
use her artistic skills and was surprised when it turned out much better than
a stick figure. However, she couldnt satisfy Keans demand about the time
and it was a half hour later before she looked up at me.
She held up the picture. Is this good?
I smiled and nodded.. Very good. In fact, we should frame it. A bright
smile stretched across her face.
Let me see, Kean requested as he hurried over. He studied the picture
for a moment and nodded. Not bad. Lias face was so downcast that he
whipped up his hands in front of him and shook his head. That is, I meant
to say it looks great! You did a wonderful job!
She sniffled a little. You really mean it?
He bobbed his head. Of course I do! It is much better than what I could
draw!
Lia beamed and puffed out her tiny chest a little. Thank you!
Anna, its almost time for lunch, Arian spoke up as she smiled at our
two little visitors. Perhaps His Highness and Lady Lia would like to stay?
Would you? I chimed in as I looked between them.
Lia clapped her hands. Yes!
Kean furrowed his brow and puffed himself up to his full short height.
I will dine with you only on one condition.
I lifted an eyebrow. Whats that?
You will make those nice treats for us.
I burst into laughter before I nodded. Alright, but youll have to wait
until tomorrow. Arian said the kitchen was being cleaned today.
She nodded. There will only be simple meals for most of us until the
chore is done.
Can we eat right now? Lia pleaded.
Not on the ground, I replied as I took the sketchbook and pencil from
her and grasped her hand to help her up.
Then I will fetch the food, Arian offered.
I will help you, Kean offered in his most stiff tone and the pair set off
together.
Why dont we wait inside for them? I suggested as I looked down at
our dusty attire. Its a little cleaner in there than on the path.
She bobbed her head and together we slipped inside. The cool, shaded
interior was a great relief to me and I plopped down with a sigh.
Lia took a seat on the cushion beside me and stared at me with a curious
look. Are you well?
I set our art supplies on the table and nodded. Yeah, Im just not used
to the sun being up all the time. Where Im from we have something called
night when we go to rest.
She nodded. I know what night is. Lord Eastwei makes it.
I blinked at her. He does what?
She stabbed a finger upward. He makes the night. Thats what my
mama said. He even made the night on one of the islands. She said its one
of the prettiest things in all of heaven.
Maybe were thinking of different things, I told her. Where I come
from nobody makes the night. Its just there.
She puckered her lips in a pout and tears pooled in her eyes. But thats
what my mama said!
I smiled and nodded. And I believe you, but why dont we get your
picture ready to be framed?
Her face lit up. Yeah!
We managed to pull the page from the notebook without loosening
Arians tight binding. Lia admired her work of art while I studied the room
around us. I dont see a frame around here we could use, do you?
She perked her head up and looked around. No, but maybe Grandpa
could make one for me.
Grandpa? I repeated.
She nodded. Hes the best at crafting things! Thats why hes in charge
of fixing all the houses when the mean lady tells him to.
Mean lady? You mean Lady Shian? I guessed.
She wrinkled her nose. She isnt very nice to me. Whenever Im at
Grandpas house and she comes there she never looks at me.
I patted her on the shoulder. Its alright. Maybe she just doesnt know
what to do around kids. Anyway, I think well have to let your grandpa
make the frame because there isnt anything around here to use.
Her shoulders slumped. But hes going to be so busy soon, at least
thats what he said to Mama yesterday.
Im sure whatever your grandpa makes will be worth the wait, I
assured her as I took her hand and helped her up. But why dont we search
around and see if we cant find a frame just in case, okay? Maybe your
grandpa wont need to make one after all if we just look really well.
She smiled and nodded. Alright!
CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
W A K
returned with our food. What are you doing? Kean asked us as he set the
tray he had brought on the table. Two plates of food were on the tray.
Were looking for a frame for my pretty picture! Lia announced as she
bounced out of Arians bedroom. But I dont see one in here.
And I dont see one in here, either, I piped up as I exited my room.
Arian shook her head. I cannot recall seeing any around here though I
can ask around for one.
Oh, no need! Lia replied as she dropped into her place at the table.
Grandpa will make me a very pretty one!
So your grandpa must be pretty important around here to be working
with Lady Shian, I mused as I took a seat at the head of the table.
She bobbed her head. Oh, yes! Hes the god of carpers!
I blinked at her but Arian laughed before she caught herself. She cleared
her throat and began to dole out the plates from the trays. Do you mean to
say he is the god of carpenters?
Thats it! Lia confirmed.
I lifted an eyebrow. Specifically the god of carpenters?
Arian nodded. Of course. All the most powerful gods have a role
which they excelled at the time of their creation or birth.
Today was the day for confusing words. Creation?
She blinked at me. Has no one told you? The eldest of the gods were
created by eating a special fruit from the Diyedi Tree.
My eyes lit up. Oh! Yushir told me about that! He said it changed their
appearance.
Uncle Yushir knows many things, Prince Kean commented as he
plucked a vegetable from his plate and took a bite of his food.
Did your uncle eat the fruit, too? I asked him.
He shook his head. No. Uncle is not so old that he ate the fruit. Even
Grandpa isnt that old.
But your great-grandfather tasted the fruit, Arian reminded him.
He frowned at her. I was just about to say that.
But since your grandfather is the king your great-grandfather isnt alive
anymore? I guessed.
He shook his head. No. He died a long time ago.
The prince was not yet born before the first king of heaven passed
away, Arian informed me as she took up her seat. There was a fierce
battle between a mighty force and he was killed during the skirmish.
My eyebrows shot up. What kind of mighty force could kill a king?
She shook her head. There are very few who know the story first-hand.
Lord Eastwei is one of them but I believe he does not speak of the battle. As
I understand it, he was very close to the old king. His Majesty was the one
who found him as a child and brought him to live in the heavens.
I cocked my head to one side. His Majesty found him in a foreign land,
right?
Yes. He had been fending for himself for several millions of years and
had just recovered from a terrible fight when His Majesty discovered him
and brought him to finish his healing. Lord Eastwei showed his gratitude by
fighting for him in many wars against the beasts who tried to attack the gate
to the heavens. His prowess in those battles and his mercy toward the lower
gods when they requested a truce is how he was elected the emperor.
Hes been through a lot, hasnt he? I mused.
A lot of battles! Kean piped up as he jumped to his feet and stretched
his arm out as though he was holding a sword. He cut threw countless
monsters with his sword Diya and left their corpses to rot on the
battlefield.
I grabbed the back of his robes and yanked him down. Thats enough
of that talk while were eating. Anyway, Im glad all of this is ancient
history.
Arian nodded. Oh yes. There hasnt been any sort of war for fifty
thousand years, though Prince Yushir and Lord Eastwei do have to settle
matters on the land when the clans come to a disagreement about their
lands.
I took a bite to eat and swallowed. Why them?
They are His Majestys special envoys, being some of the oldest and
wisest among the gods, she explained. And Lord Eastwei is still seen as a
very respected leader among the clans.
You still have to take me to see your clan, I reminded her.
She smiled and nodded. Of course! I hoped we might go soon if you
have nothing else planned.
I laughed. I dont think I do.
What about our treats? Lia spoke up.
I patted her on the head. Well, other than that.
We laughed and dug into our food. The children ate and, seeing how
sleepy Lia had become on an empty stomach, we bid them farewell. By this
time it was the afternoon. I looked up at the sky and sighed.
Is something the matter? Arian asked me as we stood together in the
garden.
I pursed my lips. I was just thinking about the night sky.
She followed my gaze and nodded. I, too, miss the stars. My clan has a
grand view of some of the most wonderful constellations.
That makes me want to go see your home even more, I told her as I
tucked my hands into my robes. But I think Ill go for a walk right now.
Would you like me to join you? she offered.
I shook my head. Not right now. I just feel like walking and thinking.
She bowed her head. Then be safe and return soon.
I grinned and patted her on the shoulder. Definitely.
I sauntered out of the gardens and into the crowds that also had the
same idea for an evening stroll. Couples walked arm in arm while women
and men clustered together laughing and gossiping. It made me regret not
bringing Arian along with me, but my thoughts were filled with the stories
Kean and she had told about the enigmatic Lord Eastwei.
Youve been thinking about him a lot lately.
My shoulders slumped and I sighed. Hes been around a lot lately.
I could almost hear my inner voice laughing at me. Are you sure thats
the reason?
I let out a growl that frightened a pair of older goddesses who quickly
and eagerly skirted me. Maybe I needed someplace more secluded so I
could shout as angrily as I wanted at my inner monologue. But where?
My wandering feet took me over hill and dale and past palaces grand
and as simple as mine. Servants like Arian scurried hither and thither and
even the higher tier gods hurried to appointments. I wondered if they were
fulfilling their purpose, as Lias grandfather did.
I lifted my hands and studied my open palms. Lia had said that the older
gods who had eaten the fruit all had their roles to play. Id eaten a fruit, too,
but where did I fit into this crazy magical world?
My fingertips twinkled and I started back. Thin wisps of magic floated
out and wrapped around me. I froze and turned my head to try to follow the
threads but they spun faster and faster. Their tails left behind faint trails that
thickened the more times they flew and encircled me until I was trapped in
a web.
Then the wisps darted forward and tightened the noose. Er, web.
My arms were pinned to my sides and I was yanked forward. I stumbled
along down the empty streets with my magic floating to and fro in front of
me but keeping to a straight path only it knew.
Hey! I shouted as I nearly tripped over my own feet. Im supposed to
control you, not the other way around!
I would have been filled with panic but the soft warmth of the threads
was soothing. Somehow without words, I knew my magic wouldnt harm
me. Somebody else, maybe, but not me.
My magic tugged me through the city and to the outskirts far to the east.
The carefully carved streets changed to rough stones and even those ceased,
replaced with plain dirt and rocks. The houses fell away and trees took their
place. Bushes and flowers bloomed in the chaotic way decreed by nature.
The air smelled fresh and with a faint sweet smell of clear water.
I climbed a gentle incline to the top of a low hill and twisted my head
around. The city and its hinterlands lay below us. A small grove of trees
stood ahead.
And there was also the sheer drop off the island.
My heart pounded in my chest as the threads pulled me in that direction.
Hey! I shouted as I dug my heels into the dirt. That only slowed me
down. Hey! Look ahead! Danger! Danger!
My magic didnt heed my warnings but instead increased its speed. I
twisted and thrashed in the webbing as my feet were dragged across the
ground.
Stop! Stopstopstopstopstopstop-
I didnt get to finish my protests before I was pulled to the abyss. I shut
my eyes and waited for the doom wrought by my own magic.
CHAPTER THIRTY
I .
That is, it nearly came as my heart practically burst out of my chest with
every hard thump. I was pulled up to the very edge of disaster but
something snatched me out of certain death. A faint spicy scent tickled my
nostrils and a gentle whiff of air brushed against my cheeks. I opened my
eyes in time to watch swirling mists of dark red magic fall away behind me.
I twisted my head around and beheld a portal large enough to fit me. The
view inside the hole showed the hill Id just left, but I couldnt study
anything else before the magic collapsed in on itself and disappeared.
My magic also made a quick exit. I felt the pressure release and the thin
strands floated outward, evaporating as they separated from me. I glared at
the wisps as they vanished. Oh sure, run off and leave me, um-
I looked around and found myself on a small island, but this wasnt like
the others in the kingdom of heaven. This one wasnt surrounded by clouds
but by an endless sea of water. The brilliant blue water was as bright as the
azure sky and as calm as a mirror.
The island itself was separated into two parts with both of them hardly
more than a hundred yards square. I stood on the first half which was
separated by a shallow stream that divided the two. A small curved wooden
bridge some ten feet long crossed the gap and was their only connection.
The bridge led to a large pool in the center of the other island and a
round pavilion lay on the far side of the water. Large thick reeds rose from
the pool waters near the bank closest to the pavilion and exquisite purple
flowered bloomed from the tops of the stems. Lilypads floated on the
surface, showing off their soft pink and white blooms.
I stood on a stone path that wandered over the bridge and to the pool
where it separated into two. The pair encircled the water, creating a
beautiful border. Small square paper lanterns dotted the side of the path
ready to be used. A grove of trees stood on my right and several more
dotted the path leading to the pond where they were replaced with patches
of red and white wildflowers. Emerald-green grass mingled with the
flowers and carpeted the bank of the pool and spread outward to the base of
the pavilion.
But none of that was the most fantastic part of the area. What really held
my attention was the sky in all its darkening brilliance.
My heart skipped a beat when I beheld one of the most beautiful sunsets
I had ever seen. The setting sun disappeared below the ocean-lined horizon
and darkness spread across the sky. I turned in a slow circle as the heavens
filled with countless twinkling stars. Their soft light cast a gentle glow on
everything as the lanterns on the path lit up on cue.
My smile warmed me as I walked down the path and to the bridge
where I leaned my arms on the curved railing.
A sparkle of light caught my attention and I glanced over at the pond.
The smooth surface reflected the sky and was disturbed only by the
occasional flip of a fin as a fish swam past. I pushed off the railing and
strolled down the curving path to the grass that surrounded the water. I
leaned over the waters and my face stared back at me.
How did you enter here?
I stiffened before I spun around. Lord Eastwei stood not more than ten
feet away from me just on my side of the bridge. His dark eyes studied me
with an expression I couldnt quite figure out. Was that annoyance and
amusement?
W-what are you doing here? I choked out.
I could ask the same of you, he mused as he strolled over and passed
me. I turned my head to follow him and he stopped at the waters edge a
few feet away from me. I created this area as a place solely for myself.
Oh God. Id stepped in it. Again.
I fidgeted with my hands in front of myself as I turned my face away.
I-Im sorry. I didnt mean to get in here. I just, its- Should I really tell
him that my magic was so out of my control that Id been dragged here
against my will?
He continued to stare into the waters. You also neglected to bow
again.
The color drained from my face. I clapped my arms to my sides and
bowed so low at the waist that I lost my balance. A yelp escaped me as I
tumbled forward and my foot slipped on the damp waters edge. I fell
toward the pool and would have fallen in if Eastwei hadnt acted so quickly.
Before I knew what had happened, I was caught in the mans arms and
pulled against his firm chest. My arms came between us and rested on the
front of his robes as I stared in bewilderment at his attire. He was a good
head taller than me and I had to lift my chin slightly to catch a look at his
handsome face.
His dark eyes stared down at me with his customary complete
indifference. Or was that a smile teasing the corners of his lips?
S-sorry, I stuttered as I scurried back out of his grasp. I really didnt
mean to get in here. I just sort of, um, stumbled through whatever that
portal thing was. It was just an accident. Really.
He turned his back toward me and faced the pond. I believe you.
I perked my head up and blinked at him. You do?
He gave a curt nod. Yes.
I swallowed the lump in my throat and backed up. Well, thats great,
but I think Ill be going now. I looked over my shoulder and bit my lower
lip. How do I get out?
Walk through the portal again, he instructed.
I nodded. Thanks! I spun around and scurried toward the bridge with
all the enthusiasm of a rat escaping a sinking ship.
What do you think of this place?
His words cut through my enthusiasm and I skidded to a stop. My heart
pounded in my chest as I half-turned to him. Pardon?
He turned his head far enough so one sharp eye studied me as he used a
hand to gesture to the island. What do you think of this place?
I lifted my eyes to the twinkling sky and smiled. I think its beautiful,
but how is it night here and nowhere else?
I crafted this place within the realm of the heavens. It is both inside
and outside of that realm.
Oh. I couldnt quite grasp what he meant but the results were
spectacular.
That dark eye continued to examine me. It has no memories for you?
I blinked at him. No. Should it?
He stared at me a moment longer before turning his face away. No.
You may leave now.
I didnt wait for a second invitation but scurried over the bridge and up
to the entrance. I approached the edge of the island with some trepidation,
but true to his word the portal opened. The city of the heavens was revealed
to me. I took one step through the strange gateway, but paused and glanced
over my shoulder.
Lord Eastwei remained standing at the edge of the pond staring up at the
starry sky. He looked so incredibly lonely. I hesitated. Part of me wanted to
go comfort him.
Then I remembered this man in front of me was millions of years old.
He was probably used to being alone.
I stepped through the portal and back into the bright sun-filled city.
CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE
I
on Lord Eastweis face as he stared at me. There had been something in his
eyes that Id never seen before. A kindling of some emotion that he was
trying his best to tamp down.
Anna? Lady Anna?
I shook myself from my reverie and turned to my walking partner. Arian
looked at me with concern as we strolled down the bright streets of the
white city. It was a week after my ill-fated meeting with the godly lord and
I was no longer wondering how somebody spent eternity entertaining
themselves. As a god, the days seemed like hours and the weeks like days.
I smiled at her. Sorry. I didnt mean to space out.
She blinked at me. Space. . .out?
I laughed and shook my head. Its just a saying from my world. It
means I was distracted.
She nodded. I was concerned you would run into something, so
distracted were you.
There isnt too much to run into in these wide streets, I commented as
I swept my eyes over the road. Entrances to luxurious palaces dotted both
sides of the street and people strolled to and fro, paying visits to one another
and chatting with friends as I did with mine.
You might become so distracted you fall off the heavens, she
countered.
A little bit of color left my face as I recalled my harrowing entrance into
Lord Eastweis private realm. Then I really can fall over the side?
She nodded. Of course! And without the ability to fly you would fall to
your death!
Her comment brought a question to mind. Are there shifters who can
fly?
Oh yes. There are many who can transform into great birds large
enough to carry even us on their backs.
Is that how you got up here? By flying? I guessed.
She laughed and shook her head. Oh no. The heavens are too high for
mere flight. There is a gateway that leads from the land realms to heaven
and anyone with permission may use it to travel between the realms.
I thought about the request. Permission from the king?
Oh, no, not only him. You may come as a guest of another or others
may make requests for land gods to come, such as when I arrived at the
behest of Lady Shian, she revealed.
I lifted an eyebrow at her. She requested you personally?
Arian shook her head. No. She advertised maids to assist with
maintaining the heavens and I applied. I was accepted and allowed to pass
through the portal with others.
I swept my eyes over those who passed by us, maids and lords and
ladies alike. Are all the maids from the land realms?
No, but many are. The heavens are so great that it cannot be
maintained by the heavenly gods alone.
A great sigh escaped me and my shoulders sagged a little. Theres so
much to remember. . .
She leaned forward to catch my eye with her soft smile. You need not
worry about memorizing every aspect of this life just yet. There are many
years left for you to learn everything.
I looked down at myself and laughed. Millions, if Prince Yushir wasnt
teasing me.
Not at all, she assured me as we strolled around a corner. Many gods
are as old as he.
I studied my companion with a curious eye. Are you that old?
She laughed and shook her head. No, I am of a younger generation and
am only fifty thousand.
Only fifty thousand. . . I murmured as we continued down the lane.
Is that all?
A fervor some fifty yards down the way caught my attention. A crowd
of men gathered outside the archway that led into Shians gardens. Many of
them were dressed in worn leather jeans and rough woolen shirts, and some
were even without shoes while others showed off thick, heavy boots. They
wore their hair long and short, some tied in tails and others barely covering
their head. Young and old gathered about the arch with eager eyes on the
interior.
I stretched my neck to get a better view of the multitude. Whats going
on over there?
The workers from the land realms have come to help decorate the
heavens for the Twilight Fair, Arian explained as we stopped a few yards
away.
One of the workers, a husky young man of twenty, turned at Arians
voice. His eyes fell on her and lit up. Arian!
Her hand flew to her mouth and she gasped. Jin!
The young man squeezed out of the crowd and raced over to us. He was
all smiles as he looked her over. You are as pretty as ever, Arian.
She put her hands on her hip and playfully glared at him. And you are
as bad a flatterer as the last time we met.
A broad grin stretched across his face. I would be better at it if you had
stayed at home.
Youre one to talk about staying at home, she countered as she nodded
at the cluster of workers. Have you come to help with the decorations?
He nodded. Yep. The king put out a request for some extra work to be
done on some of the palaces and were here to report for duty. We also need
to string up all the lights and the streamers before the big event, so thats
why some of the beak mouths are here.
Do they really need that much help? I wondered as I studied the
crowd. I mean, cant everyone here just use their magic to make all the
decorations and things?
Arian pursed her lips. They could if they had more time but I believe
Lady Shian has neglected her duties of late. Many of the palaces are sorely
in need of repair and the magic needed to fix what is necessary would
exhaust the residents.
Which is good business for the rest of us, Jin chimed as he put his
fisted hands on his hips and puffed out his chest. Well put our good land
realm magic to work helping the heaven folk and get a good bag of coins
out of it, too.
A lady of Shians palace stepped out and the crowd backed away. Her
nose was slightly lifted as she studied the men with an air of moral
superiority. If you will all form an orderly line we will begin giving out
your instructions.
I couldnt help but notice the shadow of a figure peeking out from the
archway. It looked suspiciously like Lady Bidao, but I couldnt be sure
because they disappeared too quickly.
Thats my cue to get in there, Jin told us as he sidestepped toward the
crowd. He kept one hopeful eye on my companion. Ill see you later?
Arian cast a questioning look at me and I laughed. Of course we will.
Come to my palace and well have lunch.
The mans face lit up and he bobbed his head. Thanks a bunch! He
shot off but spared some time to wave over his shoulder at us. And see you
later!
Arian sighed and shook her head. He has not changed a bit.
You havent seen him in a while? I guessed as we continued our stroll
around the long line.
Since I arrived here two years ago, she told me as her eyes took on a
faraway look that wasnt completely devoid of happiness. Jin and I grew
up together and you could say we were very close.
My eyes twinkled as I nudged her arm with my elbow. Really close?
A warm blush on her cheeks was all the answer I needed, but she still
stuttered out a few words. I-I would not describe the relationship as such,
but we were very good friends. He was very disappointed when he learned I
was to leave home for the heavens.
I furrowed my brow as I contemplated her words. Was it really that
important that you come up here?
Arian sighed and stared at the long walk ahead of us. My father
thought so. He believed I would learn a great deal of good habits and magic
from the gods and goddesses.
And have you? I wondered.
She dropped her eyes to the ground and furrowed her brow. I have
learned that the gods and goddess above are as flawed as those below.
Arians droopy face was a picture of disappointment and regret. My
heart twinged at the dark lines on her pretty features. I threw my hand up
against my forehead and feigned my own disappointment. Surely you
dont include me in that list? My friend had such an expression of terror
that I burst into laughter.
Of course not! she insisted as she shook her head. I would never
think such a thing.
I stopped and spun around to cup her chin in both my hands. You dont
need to shake your head off. I believe you.
She breathed out and a mountain of tension slid off her body. There was
even a hint of a smile at the corners of her lips. Though I may not have had
such a wonderful beginning here, I am glad I am here now.
I grinned and nodded. Thats good to hear, but you havent said the
words I really want to hear.
Arian cocked her head to one side and blinked at me. What words?
I jerked my head in the direction of the crowd of men. That you want
some time off to see your old friend.
Arian blushed and her fingers fidgeted together in front of her. I. . .I
would like to speak with him again.
I spun on my heels to face the same direction as her and we strolled
down the walk. Then youll have as much time as you want. I dont have
anything better to do. The mention of my free time brought a wonderful
thought to the forefront of my mind. Can anyone decorate their palaces or
does Shian do all that?
Arian shook her head. Shian may offer her services but you are
allowed to decorate your home as you please, and when the evening of the
fair comes everyone is allowed into the grounds of all the palaces to view
the decorations.
My eyes lit up and I rubbed my hands together. Then what do you say
to us having a fun time decorating our home?
The palace belongs to you and you alone, Anna, she gently reminded
me.
I draped my arm over her shoulders and drew her close against my side.
Then as the mistress Fanshe Hall, I deem that the palace belongs to the two
of us and we are both in charge of decorating it for the festival.
Arian blushed a mighty red but I could see the deep joy in her eyes. This
was going to be a lot of fun.
CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO
T I .
I stood in the midst of my garden the next morning with my arms folded
across my chest and my foot tapping the stone garden path. Everything was
green and bright and incredibly bland.
Arian? I called to the open doorway of my home.
Arian peeked her head out. Her hands were filled with the laundry
basket. Yes?
I waved my hand about the place. Youve seen one of these festivals
before. What do people usually decorate their homes with?
Arian set the basket down and walked over to me. They often hang
paper lanterns and streamers.
I cupped my chin in one hand and tapped a loose finger against my face.
That sounds really pretty but I want to do something else, or at least
something more than that.
Perhaps focusing on your magic would help you think of an idea.
The suggestion came not from my friend but from Prince Yushir. He
strolled down the path with that teasing smile on his lips. Have you been
practicing in the afternoons as I instructed you?
I rubbed my arms and winced. Yeah, but I dont really feel anything
special happening.
Perhaps that is because you have not yet found your element, he
suggested as he reached us and looked me up and down. Godly children
always attain a higher level of magic once they have discovered their
element.
Element? I repeated as I looked between the two. You mentioned
that before, didnt you? Like I would be able to control fire or water?
Precisely, Yushir confirmed as he held up one hand with the palm
raised.
A large droplet of water formed out of nowhere and floated above his
hand. The teardrop glistened in the bright sun as it slowly spun in a dainty
circle like a ballerina. Id seen him do that trick before but I was still in awe
at the majesty of the magic.
Yushir closed his hand and the magic vanished. He tucked both hands
behind his back and nodded at me. Now you try.
I lifted my hands and stared blankly at the open palms. Shouldnt I
already know how to use my element? I mean, I can make chocolate.
The princes eyes crinkled at the corners as he leaned toward me to
catch my eye. Do you believe your element is delicious desserts?
I shrugged. I can hope.
As wonderful as that would be for the realm, I very much doubt you
are to be the goddess of sweets. He swept a hand toward the usual grassy
spot where I had meditated countless times before. Let us see if we cannot
find the element that lays hidden inside you.
My shoulders drooped and dragged my feet over to the spot where I
plopped down. Yushir strolled after me and paced the ground in front of
where I sat.
He lifted his chin and contemplated the clear sky. Now let me see. It
has been a few years since I taught Prince Kean to harness his element but I
am sure I can recall the lesson.
My face drooped and my voice delved into a flat register. So Im being
taught what a kid would learn?
Yushirs twinkling eyes dropped to me. In terms of power and
experience, you are just above the level of a toddler.
I slumped in my grassy seat and dropped my hands into my lap.
Thanks. . .
The prince chuckled as he resumed his back-and-forth pacing. There is
no need to be disappointed. One must start somewhere and you must start
by focusing on the air around you.
I sighed and sat up straight before I closed my eyes. A gentle breeze
floated past me, kissing my cheeks as it swept by. The wind tugged at my
clothes and ruffled my hair, causing one to tickle my nose.
Do you feel anything? Yushir asked me.
I wrinkled my nose. Yeah. I feel I need to scratch my nose.
But do you not feel anything in the air? he persisted.
I scratched my nose before I shook my head. Not really.
Then open your hand.
I peeked open one eye and lifted an eyebrow at him. Why?
He knelt in front of me. You will see, now concentrate.
I pursed my lips but did as he commanded. He took my hand and turned
the palm upward. I started back when I felt a wet puddle of water drop into
my palm.
Do you feel anything in the water? he asked me.
You mean besides it being wet?
Yes.
No.
Arian? Yushir called.
Yes, Your Highness?
Please hand me a bit of that dirt.
My eyes flew open in time to watch my traitorous friend dig at a soft bit
of soil in a nearby flower bed. The wet brown earth clotted in her hand as
she carried it over and dropped the loose ball into Yushirs waiting palm.
Am I going to have to touch every element to figure out which one is
mine? I questioned him.
Yushirs eyes twinkled and he had to suppress a mischievous smile. I
noticed he kept a tight grip on my upturned hand. That is the easiest way.
How many elements are there?
There are six of them but we might skip one.
My heart slowly sank into my stomach. Which one?
Lightning, he mused as he splattered the ball into my hand. There is
more risk with that one.
I dropped my gaze to the oozing ball in my palm and my face drooped.
A sense of foreboding filled every fiber of my body as I imagined myself
put through five circles of elemental hell, ending with a literal lightning
round of Kentucky Fried Me.
You appear to have some trepidations, Lady Roberts, Yushir
commented.
I swallowed the lump in my throat and wiggled my fingers to make the
mud dance about. I, um, Im not sure about this.
Nonsense, he assured me as he waved a finger at the muck. Merely
concentrate on the filth-that is, the dirt, and we will get through each of the
elements in a short time.
I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. The slurpy earth dripped
through my fingers and plopped onto the ground near one of my bent knees.
I wrinkled my brow in my attempts to feel anything even resembling an
affinity for the muck.
Needless to say, I felt nothing for the wet, disgusting earth.
Yushir sighed. It seems you have no affinity for earth magic.
I peeked open one eye. That means I can drop it?
Immediately.
I gladly tossed it into a nearby flowerbed and brushed my palm against
the grass. Yushir strolled over to Arian and whispered something in her ear.
She nodded and hurried out through the palace archway. I eyed the
interaction with the suspicion it deserved.
Whats going on now? I asked my teacher.
She is merely fetching one of the elements, Yushir assured me as he
looked about himself. His eyes lit up when they fell on a torch that hung on
one side of the arch. There is little chance of this working, but we shall try
fire next. Come over here.
I stood and followed him to the torch tucked in its metal strap holder.
Yushir reached into his robes and drew out a pack of roughly made
matches. In a world of electricity, I would have asked why he carried such
an item, but after several months of using candles, it was all too
understandable.
Yushir struck one of the long matches and lit the torch. A soft fire
crackled on the top of the burning bundle of sticks and warmed my cheeks.
The prince stepped to one side and gestured to the fire. Please place your
hand over the fire.
My mouth dropped open. I whipped my head between the flames and
the expectant prince. My voice came out in a squeaky pitch. Come again?
He smiled. I am not asking you to dip your hand into the fire but to
hold it above the flames. The heat alone will surely tell you whether you
have an affinity for the element.
I stuck out my chest and took a deep breath. Here goes.
I stretched out my arm and hovered my hand a few inches above the
dancing flames. The smoke and heat stained my palm with soot and my skin
complained of impending blisters. After a minute of testing, I yanked my
hand away.
I dont think its working, I mused as I brushed off my hand in my
other one.
Yushir held up his hand so the palm hovered above the flame. A small
torrent of water formed in his palm and dropped a load into the fire,
extinguishing it in seconds. I did not expect it to. The ability to control fire
is a very, very rare talent.
Who has it around here? I wondered
He led me through the arch and shrugged. Only Lord Eastwei.
CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE
I . D
everybody else who can control it isnt around right now?
Yushir shook his head. No. I mean that the only one ever capable of
controlling that volatile element is Lord Eastwei. If anyone was ever able to
do so, it is not in the records.
A dark thought crept into my mind and I narrowed my eyes at the man.
So if its really hard to control how come you had me see if I could do it?
He shrugged. I thought perhaps your unique circumstances had made
you a perfect fit for such a powerful element. The prince stopped in front
of my meditation spot and turned to me with a smile. I am somewhat
relieved to know I will not have to try to school you in such a dangerous
magic.
I raised my hands in front of myself and studied the plain, somewhat
soot-covered palms. So what elements are left? Ive done wind, fire, water,
and earth.
And we will skip lightning, at least for the present, Yushir added as he
tucked his hands into his bell-curved sleeves. That leaves the ice element.
He looked past me and at the gate. And I believe we will be able to
perform that test immediately.
I turned around and watched Arian hurry toward us. She grasped the
thin handle of a small pale in one hand and her chest moved up and down
under the influence of a great deal of exercise. I. . .I have fetched it, Your
Highness.
And in very good time, Yushir complimented her as he took the
bucket from her hand. He drew aside the cloth that covered the interior and
peeked inside. This will do nicely. I craned my neck to catch a glimpse
but he covered the mouth back up and beckoned to me with his empty hand.
Give me your palm.
I frowned but stretched out my hand with the palm up. Yushir lifted the
bucket and tipped the mouth over my hand. Something slid down the metal
side of the bucket and dumped into my palm.
It was a hunk of very wet and very cold ice.
I yelped and attempted to throw it off, but Yushir clapped the bucket
over my hand and pinned the hunk to my palm. Wait a moment, Lady
Roberts, he scolded as his eyes twinkled at me.
I glared at him. Wait a moment? Youre trying to freeze my hand off!
But do you not feel anything? he persisted.
No, because my hand is frozen!
Yushir sighed and removed the bucket. I flung the ice onto the path
where I was glad to see it begin the melting process. My hand was as red as
an apple so I tucked my frost-bitten fingers into my sleeve.
Arian hurried up to my side and pulled out my hand which she began to
vigorously rub. I am so sorry, Anna. Prince Yushir made me promise not to
tell you what was about to happen.
I patted her frenzied hand. Its okay. I dont blame you. I turned my
ire on our companion. Prince or no prince, I was pissed. You could have
just told me what you were going to do.
He sighed. I had hoped a surprise emulsion would have shocked your
element out of you, but I see that I was wrong.
Are there any more or are you done torturing me for today? I
wondered as I drew my hand out of Arians firm grip.
We are finished for the moment, he assured me.
I plopped myself on the grassy ground and stared down at myself. So
what now?
Yushir stroked his chin as he studied me. I felt like a newly discovered
biologic trapped in a petri dish. I am unsure. Perhaps your elemental gift is
delayed due to your unusual creation.
But she can use creation magic, Arian spoke up.
That is what is so confusing about the matter, the prince commented
as he folded his arms over his chest. You have quite a knack for that skill
but for nothing else.
I slumped over and hung my head. Thanks. . .
Yushir came up and patted my back. There is no need to be ashamed.
Creation magic is quite useful and as I said before, you have livened up the
heavens with your food alone.
I heaved a great sigh and lifted my head. I guess Ill have to be happy
with baking brownies for a while, huh?
The prince nodded. Unfortunately, yes. I have been assigned several
tasks for the festival and cannot come for several weeks. We will resume
your studies after that.
Looking forward to it. . . I muttered.
Excellent! Then I will be off. A good day to both of you ladies.
Arian clasped her hands in front of her and bowed low at the waist.
Good day, Your Highness.
I climbed to my feet and performed my own bow though with less
enthusiasm. Yushir left and my shoulders sagged.
Arian came up to me with worry written all over her face. Is something
the matter?
I wrapped my arms around myself and shrugged. I guess I was hoping
Id find a little bit of myself today.
She blinked at me. A little bit of yourself? You mean your element?
Element, or maybe why I was meant to be here, I mused as I dropped
my eyes to the ground and gave the earth a light kick. I cant forget how
Lia was telling me about her grandfather and how he was meant to be a
carpenter, or how everyone else has a place here but me. I smiled up at
Arian and clapped a hand on her shoulder. Even you have a purpose while
Im just dead weight.
She shook her head. Never say that, Anna! You have given me my
purpose and you have brought such joy to the children! They would not be
so happy without you playing with them and making them those brownies.
I snorted and slid my hand off her shoulder. I guess thats what Im
useful for: making things for the- I froze and my eyes lit up. Thats it! I
grasped Arians shoulders and danced her around in tight circles. Youre
wonderful! Youre magnificent!
I am dizzy, Arian replied as her head lolled from side to side.
I stopped and sheepishly smiled at her. Sorry, but you really did give
me a great idea for the decorating!
She cupped her head in one hand to hold herself still and focused her
blurry eyes on me. I am glad I could help. What idea did I give you?
This. I stepped back and cupped my hands together in front of me.
I focused intensely on my palms and imagined that wonderful object
that would make my home decorations feel like home. My silver strands of
light slipped out of the ether between my cupped hands and wound around
each other.
Come on. . . I murmured as I crinkled my eyes. You can do this,
Anna.
My heart lifted as I was filled with a soft warmth that gave me as much
hope as the shape that emerged from my magic. The light faded and the
object dropped with a soft plop into my palms.
Arian stepped closer and inspected my newest creation. What is it?
I held the blue-colored thing up by its tail and the rest of the bag hung
like a lightbulb beneath it. This, my dear Arian, is a balloon.
She squinted at my rubbery invention. A. . .balloon?
I proudly grasped the balloon between two fingers on each hand and
stretched it out in front of me. Yep. Its a toy we give kids during
celebrations.
Arian cocked her head to one side and scrunched her face up. And they
have fun with this?
I laughed. Not in this shape, if thats what youre thinking. Just watch.
I put the stem to my mouth and blew. Hard. The balloon exploded into
the familiar egg shape I had known since my childhood.
Arian leaped back and let out a terrified cry. I sputtered through a laugh
and choked on my own exhalation before I wrenched the mouth away from
mine. A laughing fit took me as Arians wide eyes stared out from her pale
face. She watched as still as a statue as the balloon deflated.
W-what magic is this? she choked out as her fearful gaze fell on me.
I thought you could not do any elemental magic!
I got a hold of myself and held up the balloon by its stem. I cant. Im
just breathing into it. I wiggled the toy and it flopped about like a flap of
bluish skin. Did you want to try?
A green tinge accented Arians features and she placed a hand on her
stomach. I. . .I believe I will watch you breathe into it again.
There really isnt anything to worry about, I assured her as I placed
the mouth of the stem in mine and took in a deep breath.
I took another deep breath and blew. The balloon expanded but this time
I was able to pinch the mouth shut before all the air escaped. I held up the
balloon and smiled at Arian.
See? I mused as I wiggled it. There was no sickly flopping about this
time. Its a toy. You just blow some air into it and it takes this shape.
Arian took a cautious step toward me and squinted at the object. What
else can it do?
Well, its really only good for one thing, I told her as I tied the mouth
into a knot. This.
I tossed the balloon into the air and knocked it like it was a volleyball.
The toy bounced in an arch and came down in front of Arian. She scuttled
back and the balloon landed harmlessly on the ground, bouncing a few
times before coming to a rest near her feet.
Go on, I encouraged her as I nodded at the balloon. Do what I did.
Arian stooped and studied the strange object. She poked it with her
finger and the balloon rocked from side to side. My friend took a deep
breath and clasped the balloon between both hands. She stood, minding the
toy as if it was as perishable as a Chinese vase, and looked it over.
I merely strike it? she asked me in such a child-like voice that I had to
stifle another laugh.
I stepped back and opened my arms. Its tougher than it looks so give it
a good whack.
Arian nodded and tossed it into the air. She swung her hand hard and
knocked her fist into the balloon. It shot across the distance between us and
slammed into my face. I stumbled back and the balloon floated to the
ground where it sat innocently rocking about.
Arians expression of pure horror returned. My Lady! She scurried
over and grasped my arm as I cupped my nose in one hand. Are you
alright?
I snorted and dropped my hand to reveal a slightly reddened nose.
Nothing a little time wont fix but its my fault. I wasnt expecting you to
have such a good swing.
She blushed. Well, I am a bear shifter, My-
I held up a finger. Not another mistake like that or youll be using that
strength to clean out Kangs stables.
Arian smiled and bowed her head. Yes, Anna.
I slipped past her and scooped up her dangerous weapon. Im glad you
hit it that hard. Now we now how sturdy I can make them.
Arian came up to my side and studied the toy. But what will you do
with it?
I tossed the balloon into the air and caught it on the way down. Why
dont we go see if the kids like it?
CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR
I , I
the children felt about my new invention. Arian hurried along at my side
and had to hitch up her dress to keep up. We soon reached the park south of
the music hall and I wasnt disappointed. The children scurried about
playing a game of tag, and among them were Kean and Lia.
Lia noticed me first and her friendly face brightened. She raced over
and I tucked a hand behind my back before she grabbed the other one.
Have you come to play with us?
Dont you have enough players? I wondered as the other children,
seeing me, hurried to join us.
Kean shook his head. That isnt it. None of the other adults will play
with us.
Or cook us sweets! another chimed in.
Do you have brownies? one of them asked.
I could hardly contain myself as I shook my head. No, but I have
something that will last longer than brownies.
Lias eyes widened into pools of curiosity. What is it?
I drew out my hidden hand and opened my fingers to reveal the deflated
balloon. This.
The children huddled close and stared in wonder and confusion at the
object.
What is it? Kean asked me.
Its called a balloon, I told him as I extracted myself from the friendly
Lia and grasped the mouth. You blow it up like this.
I applied my mouth to the stem and blew. The children had the same
enthusiastic reaction as Arian as they all screamed and scuttled back.
Several of them dove behind the nearest bushes and one even climbed into a
tree. My laugh sputtered into the balloon and I drew my mouth away. The
toy deflated to its flat persona and all was still and silent.
I held up the balloon and wriggled it. Its alright. It just blows up like
a, um, like a-
Like a folding lantern, Arian assisted me.
Yeah, like that, I continued as I stretched the balloon between my
hands. It stretched flat and wide in front of me. See? It just stretches out
and pops back in. I just use my breath to control it.
The wide-eyed children crept out of their tree and hiding places and
approached me. I held very still, fearful I would frighten the terrified young
ones.
Lia hid behind Kean as he approached with a pale face. He stopped a
few feet from me and stretched his neck out. Could you. . .could you show
us again?
I grinned and nodded. Of course! Just watch.
I performed the same task but slower. The balloon slowly inflated under
the influence of my hot air and the childrens eyes grew larger.
Wow, Lia breathed as she slipped out from behind Kean and tiptoed
over to me. Her arms were scrunched up against her front and she trembled
a little but curiosity ruled her eyes. Can I try that?
Sure thing, I told her as I opened the mouth to let out the air. You
just need to put this against your mouth and blow hard, alright?
Lia bobbed her head as I handed the balloon to her. She squealed as I set
the rubbery toy into her open palms. It feels funny!
Like what? one of the other kids asked her.
Like stretchy mud! she replied as she stretched and pulled the balloon
like it was a bunch of Play-Doh.
Her familiar description piqued the curiosity of the kids and they
crowded around her. They poked and prodded the poor toy until it was a
mess of bumps and scratches.
All that touching made me nervous. Careful. You might break it, I
warned them.
Unfold it! one of the kids pleaded.
Blow it up! another chimed in.
Lia put the stem to her lips and blew. The balloon puffed up just a little.
Bigger! one of her playmates demanded.
Blow harder, I advised my little friend.
Lia took a deep breath and blew in. The balloon exploded and the
children erupted in giggling shouts of playful terror. They scooted back and
clapped and cheered as Lia continued to blow until her little lungs ran out.
She drew her mouth away and the air escaped. A look of pure horror and
disappointment covered her face.
Anna! she shouted as she spun around and waved the shrinking
balloon at me. Its getting smaller!
You have to close the thin part, like this, I instructed her as I pinched
the stem shut.
Lia copied me and drew the balloon against her. She bowed her head
and sniffled. But now its small again. . .
I set a hand on her shoulder. Thats alright. You can blow it up and
shrink it as many times as you want. Try it.
Lia nodded and put her mouth to the stem. Her little friends crowded
around her and watched as the balloon came back to life. This time when
she pulled her mouth away, she pinched the stem shut and the toy stayed the
same size.
She beamed with pride as she waved the balloon at me. I did it! I did
it!
And it looks wonderful, I congratulated her.
I wanna try! Kean spoke up.
So do I!
And me!
Lia bit her lower lip and cast a fearful side glance up at me. Do you. .
.do you have more funny lanterns?
I knelt on one knee and clasped my hands together in front of myself.
Not yet, but lets see if I can fix that.
I focused all my thoughts on ballooning. My imagination ran away with
me as my minds eye watched pictures of the kids scurrying and playing
about. Their bright laughing faces warmed my heart, as did my magic as it
flowed out of me. The silver strands formed dozens of balloons that piled
up in my hands, creating a small hill of colorful fun.
The kids gave a great shout and snatched their favorite color from me
even before my magic had faded. They spared two to their greedy little
hands, a purple and a brown one.
I stood and turned to my friend to whom I held up my hand in which
they lay. You want one?
Her eyes lit up. Oh yes!
I grinned. Then pick a color.
Brown is my favorite, she told me as she chose her favored color.
A purple is mine, I mused as I plucked the last one from my palm.
By this time we were surrounded by a bunch of wolves huffing and
puffing their balloons up and down. Each success was followed by a squeal
of delight from the expert balloon blower. It took them a few more tries to
figure out how to close their toys but we had a colorful forest of rubbery fun
in a few minutes.
Now Ill show you how to tie them shut so you dont have to hold
them, I instructed my eager little pupils.
They crowded around me and I gave a demonstration. Their clumsy
little hands released a lot of air before they were finally able to tie the knot.
Kean held his balloon in his hands against his chest and wrinkled his
nose. Now what do we do with it?
A sly Cheshire cat grin spread across my face. We do this.
I thwacked his balloon. The ball went flying out of his shocked hands
and arched into the air before it landed with a couple of bounces on the
grass.
Hey! he protested as he scrambled for it.
Some of the kids took on the herd instinct and scurried after him. Others
threw their balloons up into the air and giggled as the toys floated on a
slight breeze. They chased after them, catching and stumbling past. One
small boy dripped over his balloon and the toy exploded with a terrific pop.
Everyone froze and the lad looked in horror at his broken balloon. He
burst into tears and pointed at the flat remains of his toy. It broke!
I hurried over and knelt beside him. My mothering instincts kicked in
and I wrapped my arms around the lad and drew him against my chest. Its
alright. You just have to be more careful with the next one, okay?
He bobbed his head. I will!
Then Ill make one for you, I told the young lad as I released him and
opened one hand.
My silver strands crafted another balloon and the young boy watched in
wide-eyed amazement. That is so pretty!
I grinned and handed him the balloon. Thanks, but Id rather not have
to show you again, okay?
Oh yes! he agreed before he hurried off with his prize.
Arian joined me as I stood and we both watched the children play to
their hearts content. Balloons bounced and floated everywhere with
children bouncing along behind them giggling and laughing. My heart
swelled with happiness and Arians face beamed.
You have done it again, Anna, she complimented me with her soft
eyes. You have given the children another moment of happiness they will
never forget.
I grinned. I dont know about that but I dont know how Im going to
top this one.
Lias balloon floated up to our feet and the little girl scurried after her
toy. She wrapped her arms around the rubber toy and hugged it against
herself. Her face was a picture of glee as she gave us a big smile. Thank
you so much for making my lantern!
I didnt have the heart to explain to her it wasnt quite what she thought
it was, so I nodded. Youre very welcome but you know you can also use
them as decoration for the festival.
Lia stared at her toy with newfound curiosity. Really?
You can hang them from strings or in bushes so they give color to your
home, I told her.
Her face lit up as did her beautifully innocent eyes. Wow! Im going to
take mine to the park?
Park? I repeated as I glanced between my two native friends.
The Twilight Fair takes place at the largest park in the heavens, Arian
explained.
So what happens during this fair? Are there games and stuff? I
wondered.
Lia bobbed his head. Oh yes! And a lot of funny people come and try
to get my mama and papa to buy their funny things!
She is referring to the land realm vendors who are allowed through the
gates only for this special occasion, Arian explained as she smiled down at
the lass. They come to sell their wares to the residents of the heaven realm
and their guests who are allowed to pass through the gate.
I lifted an eyebrow. Is anyone allowed in?
She shook her head. Oh no. There is a stringent application process
every vendor must go through before they are given a pass through the
gates. I believe Lady Shian will be handling that quite soon.
My heart sank into my stomach. Is Shian good at that job?
While she can be lax in some of her duties, she does take this one
seriously, Arian assured me.
Why this one? I wondered.
Lord Eastwei plays a pivotal part in the ceremonies and she desires to
have everything perfect for him.
The light of understanding dawned on me. Ooohh. She really likes
him, doesnt she?
Arian nodded. Oh yes. I believe she has shown an interest in him since
she was very young.
I clasped my hands behind my back and smiled up at the bright sky. I
suppose that explains why shes so angry with me all the time. I keep
running into the guy she likes. She really needs to see that theres nothing
between us.
I didnt notice the sly smile that appeared on my friends lips, nor could
I have imagined the maelstrom of intrigue on the horizon.
CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE
T
high over the earth below. One could easily access the lofty residence only
through an impressive stone archway situated at the nexus of the lands
controlled by the numerous land immortal clans. A gravel path led up to the
huge arch and if one peered through the curved hole they would merely see
the other side of the small woods behind the entrance.
The southern half of the plain was edged by a small lazy river that
curved southward. Part of the river was diverted into a wide ditch that ran
around the area in which stood the arch, creating a small protected island. A
small forest covered the northern half of the bit of land but the rest was
merely bare plains. A low-arching bridge of huge logs and mud daubing
extended across the wild river and was the only man-made edifice within
sight of the arch.
A great crowd of over a hundred men and women filled the plain in
front of the gate. They chattered away with one another but all of them kept
one eye on the arch. A tall table sat a few yards in front of the entrance and
was covered with an elegant silken white cloth but was otherwise bare. A
small group of half a dozen people stood closest to the table with their faces
perfect examples of tense anticipation.
You think theyll want more vendors this year? one of the shorter
women wondered.
I dont see why. They only have so much space, you know, her male
companion replied.
She put her hands on her hips and glared at him. No, I dont know. Ive
never been chosen.
He crossed his arms over his chest and lifted his chin. A crooked, keen
smile slipped onto his lips as he shrugged. I guess you wouldnt know. Ive
been picked the last two years in a row so take my advice: dont try to get a
bracelet. Its tough competition and only the best get in.
The woman looked him up and down. If they only take the best then
how come you got in?
The other members of their group burst into laughter and the mans
cheeks reddened. Why you little- He swung his fist to punch her face but
her arm shot up and blocked the blow. The man yelped and stumbled back
cradling his trembling arm in his other hand. The limb sported a nice bruise
that aspired to be a bright purple. He whipped his head up and glared at his
grinning foe. What the hell was that?
The woman held up her arm and showed off a nice set of rock-hard
green scales. Never try to tussle against a turtle shifter. Were as stubborn
as we are solid.
The man curled his lips back in a sneer. A member of the turtle clan,
huh? That explains why youre so slow to get a vendor spot.
His words earned another round of applause and guffaws from the
group as more coin-seekers crowded about them.
You tell em! one of them shouted.
Dont take that, turtle! another yelled in return.
The turtle woman examined the man before she scoffed. I doubt he
could do a round with me. My shell is harder than even the rocks placed by
the emperor atop the Shrouded Mountains.
The gentleman grinned and rolled up his sleeves. Well, I have my own
tricks up my sleeves. He flexed his arm muscles and short, coarse brown
hair sprouted from his skin.
She sneered at him. A rat? Im not surprised.
The man leaned forward and his front teeth elongated into a pair of
sharp pincers. His face stretched into a snout and a tail dropped out from
beneath the back of his long shirt. Then you wont be surprised when you
lose.
The two opponents faced off, one covered in rat hair and the other
sporting green scales. The bored onlookers reveled in the chance to watch a
sport while they waited and the much-vaunted coins passed hands as bets
were placed.
Come on, turtle! My bets on you!
Go on, rat! Chew her to bits!
Only one figure remained aloof from the frenzy. It was an old
gentleman who had taken a seat on one of a handful of small boulders that
lined the gravel road up to the gate. The man wore a pair of faded gray
sandals and plain tan pants with a white shirt. A broad-brimmed straw hat
topped his head and covered the few wispy strands of hair time had left to
him.
He grasped a wooden cane in both hands which he leaned heavily on.
His gaze remained on the gate while everyone else pumped their fists and
egged on the contestants.
One of the betters scurried over and nudged the man in the arm with his
elbow. Come on, old man! Join in! Its a sure thing for the rat to win!
The old man cocked his head to one side to look at his compatriot from
under the brow of his hat. Is it?
Well, yeah! Hes bigger and heavier than the woman! She might have
some scales but those can be torn off like flesh!
The old man returned his gaze to the gate and chuckled. We shall see.
His friend waved him off with both hands and hurried back to the
action. The two combatants paced the messy circle created by the crowd
and kept their sharp eyes on one another.
I dont care how hard your scales are. Im going to chew them off
you, the rat threatened her.
She scoffed. You wont get close enough to do that.
He threw his head back and laughed. Like you can move fast enough
to-
His grand proclamation was interrupted by her sudden dash forward. He
let out a sharp hiss and swung his arms wildly in front of him. She stopped
short of his arms reach and tilted both her hands. The bright sun reflected
off her flesh and the searing brilliance shot into his eyes. He let out a
strangled cry and she stepped forward where she delivered her own retort
with a sharp swing into his groin. His eyes bulged out of his head and a
terrible wheezing noise was shoved out of his mouth. The men in the
audience grimaced and a few rubbed the inside of their thighs.
The woman stepped to one side and the man toppled head-first onto the
ground. He twitched a few times before laying still.
The winner held up her fisted hands and showed off a mess of smooth
green scales. Their glass-like surface reflected the sunlight and showed off
the grin on her face. Thats why speed doesnt always win.
The gentleman on the rock chuckled and resumed his oversee of the
gate. He wasnt disappointed as a soft white glow emanated from the frame
of the portal. The man straightened and tightened his grip on his cane.
They are coming.
His soft but clear announcement silenced the chatter and everyone
whipped their heads around to inspect the gate. Surprise and hope filled
their ranks and they scurried over the fallen man to crowd around the front
of the table. The old gentleman stood and shuffled into the middle of the
group.
The glow from the frame grew brighter and swallowed the whole of the
arch. The center shimmered like the surface of a lake and the white light
lifted from the center like a mist to reveal the realm of the heavens. The
clear blue sky and soft white clouds glistened, as did the high arches that
guarded the main entrance to the palaces and parks of the heavenly
residents.
Six heavenly citizens strolled out of the portal and into the land realm.
Shian and Pampir were the leaders and guided a small group of scribes and
maids out of the gate. The high lady paused on the threshold and sniffed the
air. Her nose wrinkled.
Pampir stopped at her side and stared ahead as he stoically nodded. It
is a foul odor, is it not, My Lady?
Quite, she agreed as she set her sights on the crowd. Her mood wasnt
improved by the disheveled appearance of many in the eager mob. Let us
finish this task quickly.
She sauntered over to the table and one of the maids hurried before her.
The heavenly servant crafted a magnificent high-backed chair behind the
table where Shian seated herself. A scribe magicked an elegant quill pen
and notebook with golden scrawling on the cover which he set before her.
The man even opened the book to the first page as Shian callously stared at
everything except the duty in front of her.
The opening of the book had an instant effect on the crowd. In a single
moment, they had changed from civilized citizens to hostile barbarians.
They pushed forward toward the table, elbowing and gnashing their teeth at
any who tried to stop them from achieving first place in the contest.
Create a line in front of the table! Pampir shouted at them. Anyone
who does not follow these instructions will be immediately removed from
consideration!
The impatient vendors created a long, flimsy line in front of the table. A
few of them jostled one another for prime real estate at the head.
Get off! a woman snapped at a man as she shoved her shoulder into
him.
He stumbled to one side and out of the line. You get off!
The man charged and slammed his body into hers. She fell with a hard
crash and a loud shriek. The woman clutched one arm and rocked to and
fro. Hes hurt me! Hes bruised my poor body! Somebody help me!
Everyone looked askance at their neighbor, each weighing the pros and
cons of stepping out of line to help the woman. She didnt have any takers.
The woman fumed and flailed about the ground like a spoiled child told
no for the first time. You wretched creatures! You horrible selfish
scoundrels!
Take it to the emperor! one of them spoke up. The reply elicited a
laugh up and down the line.
Pampir clapped his hands. That will be enough! Get into line or you
will be immediately disqualified! The woman grumbled under her breath
but climbed to her feet and waddled to the end. The pompous man sneered
at them a moment longer before he swept his eyes over the others and
clapped his hands.
We will now begin the selection process!
CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX
T ,
with his chin slightly raised and a smile on his lips.
Pampir looked him over with the air of a man who thought he had better
things to do with his time than waste it on such people. What do you have
to offer the fair?
I sell wooden dolls to the children, My Lord, the man replied as he
dug into his pocket and drew out a tiny doll. Its arms, legs, and torso were
cylinders held together with thick wire. The head was round and featured a
smiling face. See?
Pampir took the doll and turned it over in his hands. Is that it?
The mans face fell and his eyes glistened with fear. Y-yes, sir. Pampir
looked over the doll and gave the man a look of warning. The merchants
face turned an unhealthy white. T-that is, My Lord.
Pampir tossed the doll back to the man who juggled it before
successfully clutching it in both shaking hands. Stand back and let us see
what others have to offer.
The man bowed his head. Yes, My Lord.
He reluctantly shuffled off to the sidelines but he kept one eye on the
book. Shian sighed and picked up the pen. She dipped the tip in the inkwell
and wrote a few discerning lines that vanished the moment the words were
finished.
The next merchant up to the table was a middle-aged woman who
grasped a wooden box in both hands. She glanced at the book and was
disappointed to see nothing visible.
Well? Pampir snapped. Your offer.
The woman nodded. O-of course, My Lord. She opened her box and
revealed a gleaming pile of sugary baked sweets. The treats were stuck on a
stick and shaped into a crescent moon. She pulled one out and held it aloft
for viewing. This is my specialty. Flavored sweets on sticks.
Pampir stretched out one hand to her. May I?
Of course, she eagerly confirmed as she handed him one stick.
The lord took one lick and furrowed his brow in thought. Not bad. A
slightly salty tinge to it.
Shian stirred from her indifference and looked the woman over. Do
you know quite a bit about sweets?
As much as the next person, My Lady, she answered.
Do you know a treat called chocolate?
The chef closed her box and tapped the fingers of one hand against the
side. I dont believe Ive heard of that one, My Lady, but I can ask around
if you like.
Do that and you will be well-rewarded, Shian replied with a pointed
look at the woman.
The merchants eyes widened and she bobbed her head. I most
definitely will!
Good. Shian wrote a few invisible scribbles in the book and waved
her hand at the sidelines. Now go.
The woman scurried away and the next person stepped up. The same
sequence was repeated where each seller presented their wares to the judges
and Shian made her invisible judgment. A great crowd congregated on the
sidelines with several of them pacing the front like hungry animals waiting
for the final verdict.
The old gentleman from the rock shuffled up to the table and set one
hand over the other that grasped the cane. He bowed his head and smiled at
the group. Good morning to you, Lord Pampir and Lady Shian.
His arrival stirred her ladyship into sitting upright and even casting a
faint smile at him. Good morning to you, Leiren. You have come to show
us your wares?
The man waved his empty hand and a fox fur appeared in his palm. The
luxurious red coat glistened in the sun and the white tip of the tail was the
color of undisturbed snow. This is but a taste of what I wish to offer the
lords and ladies of the realm above.
My goodness, Pampir complimented as Shian stood and accepted the
example, cradling it in her upturned palms. The lord examined the fur with
a faint nod. This is a magnificent creature. Wherever did you find it?
Leirens eyes twinkled. If I told you I would quickly be out of a
supply.
Shian sank her fingers into the velvety-soft fur. I would ask if you have
others but we know you are a master of the hunt.
The old man bowed his head. Your compliments warm my heart, Lady
Shian.
Shian reluctantly returned the fur and sat back down. She took up her
pen but with more enthusiasm than the others. A few invisible scribbles
later and she smiled up at the man. Thank you for coming today, Leiren.
My pleasure, Lady Shian, he returned as he flicked his wrist and the
fur vanished. He shuffled over to the others, many of whom stared at him
with a mixture of awe and envy.
The man he had spoken with earlier sidled up to him and nudged the old
man with his elbow. You have it in with the lady, eh?
Leiren chuckled. I have known her since she could barely walk.
The strange leaned toward him and lowered his voice. Any chance you
can get a good word in for me?
The old man set one hand atop the other and leaned on his cane while
his eyes fixated on Lady Shian. I would consider it, my friend, if it was
any task other than this one. Her Ladyship takes this task most seriously
and will not be swayed by anyone except one man.
His companion lifted an eyebrow. And whos that?
Leiren closed his eyes and shook his head. Best that you did not know
lest you be wiped off the lists forever for your insolence. The old man
cracked open one eye and its dark pupil fell on his compatriot. If you
understand my meaning.
The mans heart dropped into his stomach and the color faded from his
face. He stepped back and bobbed his head so violently his neck cracked.
O-of course! We wont talk about it again! He turned and buried himself
deep in the crowd.
The two heavenly gods continued their inspection of the wares and
goods offered by the merchants until the very last one left the table. The
silence was deafening as all eyes fell on the book. Shian wrote her final
judgment and, for the final time, set the pen back in its holder. The scribe
swept away all the tools except the book.
Pampir caught Shians eye and she nodded. He picked up the book and
held the tome open in both hands as he turned to the crowd. Now I will
pull out the names of those who will be allowed through the gate. However,
there is one last test you must go through before being granted a ribbon. If
you fail then you will not be allowed entrance into the heaven realm.
A murmur rose from the crowd. The boisterous turtle woman stepped
forward and asked the question on everyones mind. What kind of test?
Merely a formality, I assure you, Pampir insisted.
I dont want no test! someone shouted from the deep safe depths of
the horde.
Neither do I! another yelled.
A loud murmur of disapproval rose from the people. Shian set her elbow
on the arm of her chair and rolled her eyes. Pampir stretched himself to his
full height and glared at the company. He lifted his nose and glared at the
people. Anyone who refuses to take the test will be immediately
disqualified!
The disagreements immediately evaporated and silence fell on the
crowd. There were still some dissatisfied faces but they didnt speak out
against the policy.
Pampir nodded. Excellent. Now let us begin.
CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN
P
waved his empty hand over the pages. A faint white glow emanated from
the register pages before strands of snowy white magic flowed upward. The
lowing fibers twisted and danced together before they arched into the sky
and down into the crowd. The warm strands glided among the crowd and
brushed against their wrists. The few lucky ones were gifted with a faint
glow around their right wrists. Cries of joy and groans of sorrow mixed into
a chorus of lifes trials and tribulations.
The strands reached the end of the crowd and faded, but the white
ribbons remained. Pampir clapped the book shut and tucked it under one
arm. All those with ribbons may step forward and form yourselves into a
line. Everyone else may remain here to see if there are any spots to be filled
by those unworthy of being chosen.
A glimmer of vindictive hope appeared in the faces of many of those not
chosen. The threaded ones scooted through the crowd of their jealous
compatriots and hurried to the forefront where they created a messy line.
Pampir paced the long line of some four dozen vendors and studied
each of them. A few smug faces grinned back at him and the smiling Leiren
was among the lucky chosen, but the vast majority had glistening sweat on
their brows. A few swallowed hard as the inquisitor strode past them and
some even quivered beneath his stern gaze.
Pampir stretched his arm above his head and waved his hand. A soft
brown light emanated from his fingers and cascaded down him like rain
sliding off an umbrella. The ground beneath him came alive with the same
bright magical light and the earth rumbled. A few of the merchants
stumbled to and fro and many stared in terror as hairline cracks appeared in
the dirt beneath their feet.
Gas emanated from the cracks and floated up. Several of the women,
and a few of the men, screamed and scattered. A few of those in line desired
to join the herd instinct but Pampirs sharp voice stalled those plans.
Move from the line and you will be immediately disqualified!
The would-be panicked froze in place, their faces pictures of terror as
the gas crept up over them. The only one who appeared indifferent to the
chaos around them was Leiren who continued smiling as the gas flowed
over his hips.
What is this stuff? one of the women in the line shrieked.
A gas given to me by Lady Miansha that is capable of learning the true
hearts of anyone who breaths in its air, Pampir revealed as he stepped back
from the line and inspected them. You will inhale the gas and be given
judgment.
Leiren was the first, and most willing, contestant to breathe in the gas.
The soft brown glow could be seen flowing down his throat and into his
chest where it focused around his heart. The magical air could be seen
wrapping around and moving in time with the thumping of his ticker, and a
faint red glow appeared.
Is that good? a man questioned their judge.
Pampir nodded. He has passed.
And what color is us not passing? another one asked him.
I hope you shall not see it.
The merchants reluctantly allowed the gas to slip into their mouths
while the crowd of onlookers scurried out of reach of the truth serum,
fearful of its judgment. The earthen light set their chests afire with its soft
glow and wrapped around their hearts. Even Shian sat up in her chair and
watched the magic work its will around the heart of the infected.
Red lights appeared around all but one of the chosen.
The turtle woman glared down at her chest and the gray light that pulsed
around her heart. What is it, some sort of trick? I got nothing to hide!
Pampir strolled up to her with his glowing hand still raised. He studied
the woman with a sharp look. The gas believes you have something to
hide. What is your crime?
She sneered at him. My crime is believing you lot could not be
assholes.
The lord lifted his nose high in the air. A jolt of tension twanged
between the two as they faced off, but the heavenly god had the upper hand.
State your crime or you will be immediately disqualified!
The woman crossed her arms over her chest and pressed her lips into a
petty pout. I cheated a bunch of people, okay? It was just some stupid
village, anyway.
Pampir stabbed a finger in the direction of the river. Then I will not
give you the chance to cheat anyone in the heavenly realm. You are
disqualified.
The woman threw up her hands. Fine. I didnt want your filthy gold,
anyway.
She marched out of line and past the quiet crowd. They all turned their
heads to follow their fallen commercial comrade. She stomped across the
bridge and out of sight.
Pampir popped open the book and cleared his throat. Now I will
choose an adequate replacement.
The fall of the turtle woman was completely forgotten as all the
attention fell on Pampir. He repeated the choosing process and another took
her place. The gas did its duty and didnt find her wanting, as evidenced by
the blazing red glow around her heart.
Pampir shut the book again and for the last time and smiled at the line
of people in front of him. Excellent! You have all been chosen to partake
in the fair! Please come to the table to be given your ribbons by Lady Shian
herself.
The winners scurried up to the table and the first one stretched out his
hand with a beaming smile. Shian frowned at them and pointed at his other
arm. Your right hand.
The man winced and quickly switched limbs. She raised her hand over
his arm and a faint light blue element glided like slick ice down to the
mans wrist where the light formed a very solid blue bracelet. The merchant
lifted his hand and brushed his fingers against the creation.
Move along! Shian snapped.
The merchant bowed his head. Thank you! Thank you so much!
Pampir waved his hand at the man. No thanks are necessary. Merely
arrive here on the appointed day to set up your stall.
He scurried away and the line moved forward, with everyone receiving
their ticket to consumer heaven and skipping off with their prize glistening
on their wrists. Many of them petted their trinket as they passed by the vast
crowd.
Those who would be left behind in the land realms werent pleased. A
great roar of disappointment and disapproval rose from the fomenting
crowd and several shook their fists at the heavenly gods.
Why didnt I get picked?
Youre just playing favorites!
I have better stuff than her!
This is rigged!
Pampir marched up to the crowd that persisted in staying and held up
his hands. We have no favorites and we cannot be bought at any price.
Those chosen had the superior products that fit the best with the aesthetic of
the Twilight Fair. You may return here another time and try your luck with
another festival.
Why dont we just set up our stalls right now? someone shouted.
A woman pointed at the open gate. Yeah! Its open now! They can let
us in!
One of the men stepped forward and twisted around to catch the eyes of
his comrades in anger. The ruddy glow of alcohol tinged his cheeks. Come
on guys! he shouted as he swung his arm toward the gate. Lets decide
who gets a spot by seeing whos the fastest!
He started the stampede with a stumbling step but the others not chosen
rushed past him, toppling the man to the ground. They ran over him to get
their chance to enter heaven and reap the riches offered by the divine
inhabitants.
Pampir scowled at them and lifted a hand. He snapped his fingers and
the sharp crack of bone on bone cut through the shouts and bawling of the
aggrieved. The heavenly gate pulsed with a hard glow of ethereal white
light. The stampeding vendors skidded to a stop, some crashing into the
person in front of them and leading to a pile-up a few feet short of the gate.
The light flashed harder and faster, and a sharp air blew out of the open
portal. The people threw their arms up and covered their faces, and those in
the rear decided living was the better virtue. They turned and used their
magic to vanish in a faint cloud of sparkling light.
The heavenly gates wind turned into a gale that touched not a hair on
the heads of the heavenly host nor their table but grasped and yanked at the
clothes of the land realm peoples. The vendors were dragged and tumbled
away from the gate and past the table. Many of the people flopped onto
their stomachs and clawed at the ground but their fingernails were no match
for the gale. The aggrieved shopkeepers sailed past the heavenly group and
some even reached the edges of the river where they were tossed into the
shallow but cold waters.
They came up sputtering in a hot and cold blend of fury and river water.
The bedraggled invaders stumbled onto the shore where Pampir greeted
them. His arms were crossed over his chest and his narrowed eyes judged
them with a sharp, disapproving glare. Should anyone attempt another
invasion again, you will be more than just-
One of the people decided to test his unfinished promise by charging
forward toward the gate. Pampir stomped his foot on the ground. The earth
shook and a huge crack appeared in front of the invader. The man fell into
the crevice and let out a blood-curdling scream that lasted for several
seconds before a horrible thump interrupted him. Then all was silent.
Pampir lowered his hand and the crevice slammed shut. His cold eyes
studied the people one by one. Would anyone else care to make another
attempt on the gate?
The dripping-wet people stared at each other before they turned tail and
trampled through the water, tripping over rocks, each other, and their own
feet in their urge to escape Pampirs wrath. They reached the bridge and
scurried across where they disappeared, many in faint clouds of magic.
A faint smile accented Pampirs lips as he turned and sauntered back to
the table. Shian stood and her chair vanished along with the table. The pair
led their entourage toward the gate and the wonderful home beyond the
ripple.
Excuse me.
CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT
T .
A single slightly hunched man stood beside where the table had stood. He
wore short pants worn ragged at the hem and brown sandals that had seen
better days. His shirt was clean but slightly wrinkled and was also frayed at
the end of the long sleeves. His short brown hair was combed into place in a
plain bowled hairstyle that suited his thin face. The man carried a slim
square hard-leather pack on his back and a short rectangular box hung on
the front of his waist with the aid of two strings, one wrapped around his
neck and another around his waist. The rectangular box had a slim lid held
shut by a flimsy golden clasp on the front. A decoration of a thick green
plant growing from a black seed covered the lid.
Pampir stepped in front of the women and stretched himself to his full
height. What do you want?
The man shuffled toward them with his shoulders stooped and his head
slightly bowed. My sincerest apologies for stopping you, but I was
wondering if it wasnt too late to receive a ribbon?
Pampir lifted his nose and swept an arm over the empty quarters.
Naturally the hour is too late. The ribbons have already been doled out and
everyone has gone.
Then I have come at just the right time, the man insisted as he clasped
his hands together above his box. I didnt seek to join the others because I
have no need of a stall. He patted the lid with the fingers of one hand.
This is all I need to sell my wares.
Pampir stretched his neck and examined the lid. What do you sell?
Vegetables?
The corners of the mans eyes crinkled together as he shook his head.
Not exactly. I sell seeds. Magical seeds.
The lord scoffed. How are they magical?
The man opened his lid and revealed square compartments and inside
each shallow cushioned hole lay a single black seed in the shape of a pinto
bean. He pinched one carefully between his index and thumb and lifted it
out for viewing. I guarantee that if you plant a seed in the garden of the
one you love they will be bound to your love forever.
His words caught the attention of Shian who cautiously approached
him. How do you guarantee such a thing?
By the strength of the gardeners magic, the man explained as he
rolled the seed around in his fingers. The greater the magic the more likely
the seed will be to grow and blossom into that promise.
And how much do you charge for these seeds? she inquired.
Pampirs bushy eyebrows crashed down at his companion. My Lady,
surely you cannot be considering allowing this man to sell his wares at the
fair. More to the point, the lots have already been chosen.
Shian cast a sharp look at her subordinate. The stalls have been filled
but as this man said, he has no need of them.
The seller bobbed his head. Very true, My Lady, very true! I need only
a wide enough berth through the crowd to sell my wares.
Shian held out her palm to the man. Her eyes shone with a light that
revealed her deep eagerness. Allow me to see one.
Of course, the man agreed as he set the one in his hand into her palm.
She studied the bean for a long moment and the longer she stared the
darker the depths of her eyes became. Her words came out in a hushed
whisper as if she were beholding an item of worship. What a beautiful
creation. Wherever did you find it?
The mans eyes twinkled with a strangely dark light. In the starry mists
of time, My Lady.
A shadow fell on Shians brow and she grasped the seed tightly in her
hand. That is hardly an answer, sir.
He bowed his head. My sincerest apologies, My Lady, but a merchant
must never tell the customer where they discovered their merchandise or
they may have one less customer and one more competitor.
Then we shall not waste our time with you nor yours with us, Pampir
spoke up as he stabbed a finger at the bridge. The road is that way, sir.
The strangers eyes never left Shian who continued to stroke the bean in
her palm. What do you say, My Lady? Do my wares please you?
Shian nodded. Very much.
Then you may keep the seed, he offered her as he held out his right
hand. And I shall take my ribbon and leave.
Pampirs mouth dropped open and spittle flew from his mouth at every
word. A-a ribbon! You shall not receive anything of the-
Shian lifted her hand and the soft glow of her magic fell over the mans
wrist. A ribbon formed itself around his limb. He drew his arm back and
admired the shimmering symbol of consent. Thank you very much, My
Lady. He stepped back and bowed his head to Pampir. And a good day to
you, My Lord.
A cool smile graced the strangers lips as he spun on his heels and
sauntered away to the bridge. He disappeared over the gentle curve and all
fell silent.
That is until Pampirs fury exploded.
What were you thinking, My Lady? Pampir shrieked as he turned to
face Shian. She still held the seed in her open palm and studied it like a
child studying a butterfly for the first time. We have no idea who that man
was! He no doubt sells terrible goods and will ruin the fair and-
There is no need to worry, Shian interrupted him as she carefully
tucked the seed into her sleeve. She lifted her eyes to her irate companion
and lifted her nose slightly. I have every faith that nothing bad will happen
during the fair.
Pampirs arms drooped at his sides and his face also sagged. But My
Lady. . .
Come, she commanded the group as she turned toward the gate. Let
us go home. We have been down here quite long enough.
She strode toward the illuminated gate with their entourage in tow.
Pampir pursed his lips but sluggishly followed along behind her with a
heavy heart.
Little did he know how much trouble would come of their meeting with
the stranger.
CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE
I .
The speaker was Arian and I strolled by her side taking in the heavenly
sights of the unfamiliar neighborhood. She guided me through the myriad
of heavenly streets that covered the many floating islands and over bridges
where I paused to take in the view far below. The clouds covered much but
I occasionally managed to see the earth far below us. No wonder nobody
could fly up there.
How come we havent been to this park before? I wondered as I
pushed away from the high stone railing and rejoined my companion where
she stood a few feet away. The palaces on the other side of the bridge were
of an older variety with unvarnished wooden beams and arches that more
resembled tori gates than walkways.
My companions face was a picture of eager excitement and I could
hardly keep up with her pace as she kept a step ahead of me. We are
discouraged from visiting the park for two months before the fair so the
grass is in its most pristine condition.
I grabbed onto her wrist and slowed my steps. Then lets not be in a
hurry to see it now, or at least tell me when were supposed to start this
sprinting race.
Arian blushed and slowed enough to walk by my side. I am very sorry.
I am eager to see the fair stalls.
I nudged her arm with my elbow and wagged my eyebrows. And
maybe eager to see a certain handsome carpenter? Jin might be working out
here, right? My companion bowed her head and turned her face away. I
stretched my neck to catch her eye. You know, I should order you to take a
few days off and have some fun with him.
Arians fingers fidgeted with each other in front of her. I. . .I could not
ask that of you.
I grinned and stared ahead to puff out my chest. You wouldnt be
asking. Id be ordering you. Now that I know you want to have some fun
without babysitting me then you have my permission to have the rest of the
time off from here to the end of the fair.
Arian whipped her head about and her eyes studied my face. You. . .are
you sure you would not need me?
I laughed and clapped a hand on her shoulder. Well, I cant guarantee
that but I want you to have fun. Besides, how many days left is there until
the fair? Two? And it goes on for how long?
Only for a single day, she reminded me.
I shrugged. Then you dont have anything to worry about. How much
trouble could I get into in three days? My own words caused an unpleasant
tingle to ring at the back of my mind. These were definitely famous last
words and if my time in the heavenly realm had taught me anything it was
that I had a knack for finding trouble. I shook out those thoughts and lifted
my chin. Anyway, Jin wants to see you, too.
She faced forward but her eyes darted up to me. Do you. . .do you
really think so?
I lifted my chin, tightened my face, and took on an imperious air in my
voice. Of course, I know better than you. I am your mistress, after all.
Arian stared at me for a moment with wide eyes before she burst into
laughter. You sounded almost exactly like Lady Shian!
A grin ruined the effect. Did I? I paused and flexed my jaw. I dont
know how she keeps that frowning face all the time. It doesnt exactly feel
nice on the muscles.
I believe she has a great deal of practice, Arian commented as
something ahead of us caught her eye. But I believe I see the opening to
the park.
A wide gap in the houses some quarter of a mile wide signaled the
opening to the grand parkland. The pristine walkway stretched into the gap
like pulled taffy and glided through a perfect lawn of luxurious green grass.
Huge trees dotted the skyline above the estate homes and a scent of fresh
water tickled my nose.
Unfortunately, there wasnt much more than teasing as we reached the
entrance to the park. Posts had been planted along the opening and three
rows of soft velvety rope stretched between them, blocking off access.
We stopped at the flimsy barrier and I studied the shimmering rope.
Looks like were not allowed in.
Arians face fell and she grasped my sleeve. My sincerest apologies. I
thought we would be allowed to enter.
Youve never been here at this time? I guessed.
She released me and clasped her hands in front of her before she bowed
her head. No. Lady Shian would not give us the time to see the fair during
the day and I did not dare venture out at night to the park to see the work.
I patted her on the shoulder. Dont beat yourself up over it.
Arian whipped her head up and her large frightened eyes stared at me.
Must I do that?
I laughed and shook my head. I said for you not to beat yourself up and
dont ever do that on my account, okay? She bit her lower lip but nodded.
I returned my attention to the park and the meandering walking path.
The stones curved through the grass and descended toward a huge pond half
a mile from where we stood. The path then split into two and curved around
the banks of the glistening water where ducks floated lazily along the
surface. The trees I had seen before grew out of the earth in various spots,
providing refreshing shade between large patches of bright sun. Flowers
randomly popped up out of the grass and their petals waved about in a
gentle breeze.
What really caught my attention was the space between where we stood
and the pond. The pathway straightened out halfway to the glistening water
and four neat rows of wooden stalls had been constructed. The booths
featured a tabletop with two walls and a slanted roof over the whole thing.
The carpenters were finishing up work on a few of the stalls closest to the
entrance but they werent the only ones there.
The vendors had also arrived, or at least I assumed they were the
vendors. Their rough attire and wide variety of styles were a dead giveaway.
They milled about their stalls hanging trinkets and adjusting boxes on the
table.
I didnt think thered been that many stalls, I commented.
There were more last year, Arian commented. So many that they
nearly reached the entrance.
I furrowed my brow. I wonder why they didnt let in as many people.
Prince Yushir may know. You might ask him, my companion
suggested.
I wouldnt want to bother him, I countered as I squinted at the stalls.
Can you see what theyre selling?
Arian stood on her tiptoes and shook her head. I am afraid not.
I strained my neck and frowned. I dont see Jin anywhere, either.
A heavy sigh came from my friend. Nor do I.
Maybe hes behind the stalls, I suggested as I turned my attention to
the rope. I put my hands on my hips and examined the barrier. Well have
to go take a peek around them.
My foot slipped a little on the wet grass and an evil idea slipped into my
mind. I eased myself forward until my waist pressed against the rope and
gingerly slid my foot across the invisible line created by the barrier.
It may have been invisible but something was most definitely there. A
static shock ran through me and tingled every nerve in my body with a jolt
of sharp hot pain. I jumped back with a yelp and fell backward onto the
hard stone walkway.
Anna! Arian shouted as she hurried to my side and dropped to her
knees. Are you alright?
I sat up and looked down at my foot. A faint wisp of smoke rose out of
my shoe. Ive been better.
Arians hands trembled and her voice wavered. Indecision ruled her as
she looked ready to both bolt and dress my wound. Can you stand? Do you
want me to call the doctor?
I held up my hand and shook my head. I dont want to make his
acquaintance unless I have to. Just give me a minute or two to rest and Ill
be back on my feet.
A laugh interrupted my self-pity and we looked up to find Lord Kang
strolling toward us with his cat at his side. He stopped a few feet away and
put his fisted hands on his hips. A great big toothy grin stretched his face to
unbelievably happy heights.
So you tried to get across my barrier, huh? he teased as he looked
from one of us to the other. Pampir told me to set the pain high.
Did he? I mumbled as I flexed my throbbing foot.
Arian jumped to her feet and wagged a finger at him. You might kill
someone with such magic!
Kang held up his hands in front of him. The spell is powerful but not
that powerful The most it can do is push someone away.
I think it can do a little more than that, I spoke up as I eased myself
onto my feet.
Arian was at my side in an instant with all the care of a worried mother.
You mustnt stand yet!
Im feeling better already, I assured her.
My spell is perfectly safe, Kang insisted as he strolled past us and
stood beside his barrier. He was all grins as he stretched out his arm. See?
Perfectly-
I got to see the spell from a different angle as dozens of faint yellow
lightning bolts shot out and into his wrist. Kang cried out and stumbled
back. The scent of burning flesh filled the air again and he cradled his arm
in his other hand.
Arian caught his eye and frowned at him. You were saying?
He rubbed his hand around his wrist and winced. Maybe it is a little
strong. His cat friend bobbed its head and he scowled down at the animal.
Traitor.
Is there any way you can get us into the park? I spoke up.
Kang shook his head. My apologies, but no one except those given a
pass are allowed into the park until the morning of the fair. The spell will
not lift until then.
I sighed and turned to Arian. Well, at least we got a walk out of it and
Ive seen the park. Arians eyes pooled with regret but I patted her arm.
Its alright. Lets get home and get a nice cold icepack on my foot.
I limped home with my thoughts filled with hope for a fun time in two
days. Little did I know how eventful that day would be.
CHAPTER FORTY
W ? T
everything must be completed tonight for the vendors! And will someone
please remove those ducks before they cover everything in their filth!
The final preparations for the fair surrounded Lady Shian in all her
inglorious fury. She stood at the head of the four long rows of stalls, each
with a wide aisle between them. Her cheeks were red and her eyes flashed
with a dangerous blue light.
One of the earthly carpenters hurried up to Her Ladyship and clasped
his hands together against his front before he bowed low to her. Lady
Shian, we need more wood to complete the last of the stalls.
She quivered with rage and his words earned him a horrible scowl that
marred her beautiful features. Why is that? You were given a mountain of
boards.
The man hardly lifted his head as he gestured to a half dozen half-
finished stalls at the far end closest to the pond. Many were missing roofs
and a few had only one of two walls. Three workmen were busy finishing
them as best they could. But they werent enough, as Her Ladyship can
see.
She stabbed a finger at a pile of cut wood. I see nothing but a waste of
wood.
He turned his head far enough to understand where she pointed. Those
are the ends of boards we have already cut, Your Ladyship. They arent long
enough to be used to finish the roofs.
Her lips twisted about until they settled for a deep frown. Very well.
She waved her hand and icy blue strands of magic floated out of her palm.
They formed a slip of paper which she pushed toward him. The man
grasped the floating parchment in both hands and gaped at the created item.
This is a voucher for wood. The woodsman will give you what you need
but you must ensure you are given the very best boards.
The man bobbed his head and walked backward. Yes, Your Ladyship.
Ill do this right away. He turned tail and scurried off to fetch the wood.
Shian sneered at his retreating backside. Her fury was interrupted by a
sudden soft push against the back of her leg. The goddess leg buckled and
she stumbled forward, but she caught herself before she landed on the
ground. She spun around to face her attacker.
A duck stared back at her. The animal turned its head to one side and let
out a quack.
Shian balled her hands into quivering fists and stomped her foot. Will
no one rid me of these horrible creatures?
Theyre just ducks, one of the workmen spoke up.
Shian spun around to face the men. They all turned their faces away and
resumed their task. She stomped over to them and stabbed a finger at the
animal. Remove that animal immediately!
The men shrank into themselves and barely dared a sideways look at
her. One of them cleared his throat. I dont think we can, Your Ladyship.
If one of you is bold enough to speak up then you must be bold enough
to catch such a creature! she snapped.
The men looked at each other and their speaker finally held up his
hammer. But if we try to catch the duck then wholl finish this work?
Shian wracked her brain for a good reply but she came up empty. Fine!
Then I will do it myself!
She spun on her heels and marched toward the duck. The men paused in
their work and watched the imperious goddess face off against the
indifferent creature. The animal hardly gave her a side-eye as it nibbled on
some long bits of grass.
Shian raised her arm in front of her and drew her hand back toward her
chest. Light blue strands of magic appeared from her hand and swirled
about before she pushed them toward the animal. The magic flew
underneath the duck and swept across the descending ground to the pond,
creating a long slender path of ice that shimmered in the bright sun.
The slick crystals solidified beneath the feet of the duck and its webbed
digits couldnt get a grip on the slick surface. The duck let out a horrified
quack as it spread its wings and tap danced on the ice for a few numbers
before it lost its balance. The poor creature crashed chin-first onto the ice
and slid backward, its beady eyes showing pure terror as the earth slipped
away beneath it. The duck was propelled down the slide and flew off the
slightly upwardly tilted end. It arced into the air and flapped its wings in a
futile attempt to gain its balance before it made a terrific splashdown in the
pond.
Shian brushed her hands together and gave a nod toward the water
before she turned back to the workmen. They stood there in a stupor, their
eyes fixed on the duck as it bobbed up out of the water. The mistress of the
fair crossed her arms over her chest and glared at them. Well? Why have
you stopped working?
The men shook themselves of their shock and tried to make up for lost
time by working overtime. Shian clasped her hands behind her and smiled
as she sauntered past them toward the entrance and its shocking barrier. The
icy slide melted as quickly as if a hairdryer hung over the whole length.
Only a little puddle remained after a few seconds and even that vanished in
the blink of one of the workmens eyes.
Lady Shian! Lady Shian!
The shout came from the entrance where Pampir stood on the other side
of the barrier. He pressed his hand against the top of one of the ropes and
the slender ribbon trembled before all three levels retracted. He slipped
through the opening and the ribbons shot back into position quicker than
even the shrinking puddle.
Pampir clutched the book of vendors in one hand against his chest and
scurried up to her with a slightly pale face. Lady Shian, I must speak with
you about the vendor list.
Lady Shian lifted an eyebrow and her good humor sank away. Why?
Are some of them unable to come?
He shook his head. No, but I have spoken with nearly all the other
vendors and they know nothing of anyone selling such beans as the, um,
gentleman we spoke with at the last.
Shian tensed and she scowled at the man. You doubt my choice?
Pampirs eyes widened and he bowed his head. N-no, Lady Shian! I
only wish to inform you of what I have learned so you may make the best
possible decision!
Her voice was as icy as her element. And that is?
He risked raising his eyes to her though his head remained bowed. His
hand tightened its grip on the book. That you will remove his ribbon and
not allow him entrance.
Shians left hand twitched at her side and her eyes flashed with blue
fury. I will do no such thing and we will not discuss this matter again. Is
that understood?
Pampir dropped his gaze
to
the ground and bit his
tongue.
Completely.
Good. Now how are the merchant preparations going? she inquired.
Nearly all of them have completed their setup, he told her as he
nodded in the direction of the fairway. Those left are waiting for the stalls
to be finished.
Excellent. If that is all then you may leave for the day, but I expect you
back here early tomorrow.
Pampir nodded and reluctantly turned away. He walked back to the
entrance with a heavy weight on his shoulders and the book pressed tightly
against himself. What has gotten into Lady Shian? She has been bewitched
by that persons sweet words!
Shian set a hand over her pocket as she watched him leave. She could
feel the slim shape of the bean beneath her fingers. The same tempting
thought that had haunted her mind rose once more but she pushed it back
down again.
Not yet she thought as she half-turned to cast her gaze over the fair.
Maybe after the fair.
CHAPTER FORTY-ONE
A !
I stepped down from the ladder and admired my work. A long string ran
from one wall of my palace to the other and was supported in the middle by
the corner of the house. Dozens of colorful balloons hung from the rope and
their glossy surfaces glistened in the bright sun.
Arian came out of the house with a tea tray and a smile. She stopped at
my side and examined my job with an affirmative air. You have done a
wonderful job. I had no idea such a thing existed.
I clapped a hand on her shoulder and grinned at my companion. Its all
because I have a lot of inspiration from my friends.
She blushed and shrank beneath my kind words. You are too kind.
Too kind and too hungry, I teased as I dropped my gaze to the tray. A
small plate of cookies complimented the tea. So is this the final meal
before we gorge ourselves on fair sweets?
Arian nodded. Yes.
I tilted my head back and drew my arm over my eyes to shield myself
from the burning orb in the sky. What time does it start again?
The Twilight Fair lasts from noon to midnight with a ceremony at
twilight, she reminded me.
I blinked against the brilliant light that constantly hovered over us.
And what time is it now?
A half-hour before noon, she told me as she moved over to a small
table with two stools. She set the tray down and poured the tea. The
crowds will be passing by soon to watch the barrier fall.
I took a seat on one of the stools and rubbed my foot. I hope theyre
careful around those.
Lord Kang will no doubt limit his magic to a warning shock, she
assured me as she set out our filled cups.
I furrowed my brow as my friend took a seat opposite me. So whats
his element? Electricity?
Arian tilted her head to one side. I do not know what electricity is,
but Lord Kang controls the element of lightning.
Those are pretty much the same thing in my world, I told her as I
picked up my cup and blew over the surface. Is that a common element for
someone to control?
She took a dainty sip of her tea before she clasped the hot cup in her lap.
As common as the others.
Except fire? I guessed.
She nodded. Oh yes. Only Lord Eastwei can handle such a powerful
element. We will- She stopped herself.
I leaned over the table and lifted an eyebrow. We will what?
A light blush accented her cheeks and she turned her face away from
me. N-nothing.
I scooted to the end of the stool and cocked my head to one side to catch
her eye. Youre hiding something.
She bit her lower lip and tightened her grip on the cup. I. . .I would
prefer to keep it as a surprise.
I snorted and straightened. Just as long as I dont have to wait too
long.
My friend shook her head. Oh no. It will happen during the ceremony
this evening. I am sure you will be very pleased with my keeping this secret
from you.
I took a sip of the tea and licked my lips. The drink was well-sweetened
and warmed me. My eyes twinkled as I looked at her out of the corner of
my eyes. Just as long as its the only one youre keeping from me. I dont
want to learn from the neighbors about you eloping with Jin.
Her mouth dropped open and her eyes bulged out of her head. E-elope
with Jin! I-I would never do-
Dont make promises youre tempting not to keep, I teased before I
took another sip. Arians mouth flopped open and shut like a fish gasping
for breath and I couldnt help but laugh. Relax. Were supposed to have
fun today, remember?
Lady Anna! Lady Anna!
The shout came from the palace gate and little Lia scurried into my
domain. She grasped her partially inflated balloon in one hand and crashed
into my lap. I caught her and held the squirming child as she waved the
balloon in my face.
Look! My lantern is the only one left now!
I choked on a laugh. All the others popped?
She bobbed her head. Oh yes! Many of them were broken after you
left.
An elegant couple strolled through my arch and Arian shot to her feet.
She scooted to one side and bowed her head as the pair reached us. The
woman appeared to be slightly older than me with long brown hair tied
together and cascading down her back to her waist. She wore a white robe
like the tall gentleman at her side and the open expression on her face
reminded me of Lia.
The man was of the same age and wore a darker tan attire. One hand
grasped the belt around his waist and his brown eyes studied me with
curiosity mingled with doubt.
Lia bowed at the waist to our guests. Lord Maersong. Lady Maersong.
You do us a great honor to visit.
Oh boy. I jumped to my feet and bowed my head. They returned the
gesture and Lady Maersongs twinkling eyes looked me over. We have
heard so much of you from our daughter that we could not help but come
meet you for ourselves.
Your daughter? I wondered as I dropped my gaze to little Lia.
She clutched her balloon to her chest and bobbed her head. This is my
Mother and Father!
You have given our daughter a great many gifts of late, Lord
Maersong commented.
The stiffness in his tone made me tense and I shook my head. It was
nothing. I was just, that is, I, um-
Lady Maersong set her hand over my clasped ones and captured my
gaze. Her eyes were of a light soft hazel that reflected her warm heart. You
have nothing to explain. Our daughter and her friends appreciate your
kindness more than you know.
I blushed and bowed my head. Thank you. That means a lot.
Lia tugged on my clothes. Are you coming with us to the fair?
I leaned down and smiled at her. After I finish my tea, okay?
She bobbed her head. Okay!
What strange lanterns you have, Lord Maersong commented as the
string of balloons caught his attention. They are the same as our daughters
toy?
Yes, I thought theyd look nice for the fair, I told him.
Very interesting, he murmured.
We should be going, dear, Lady Maersong reminded them as she took
Lias hand. Her bright gaze fell on me and her eyes crinkled with her smile.
I hope to see you at the fair.
I wouldnt miss it for the world, I promised her.
See you later! Lia shouted as she was led away.
Later! I replied.
I waited for them to leave before I snatched up my tea. Come on, I
encouraged my companion before I downed the whole cup. I really want to
see what all the fuss is about now. Arian set her tea on the tray and grasped
it, but I noticed she paused in that position. What is it?
Arian straightened and turned to me with a disappointed face. It is just
that, well, we have no coins for the merchants.
My heart sank as reality bit down my enthusiasm and mangled it. Oh.
They. . .they arent here for free? Like with the kitchen and the other
places?
She shook her head. I am afraid not. Many of the lords and ladies here
have a stipend from the king.
But not me, I finished for her as my shoulders sagged. Visions of
romping through the stalls and buying candies and trinkets faded away.
Arians disappointed face brought me around, and I rallied my spirits and
offered her a weak smile. Well, thats alright. We can still enjoy the park
and the ceremony, right?
She put on her own false front and nodded. Oh yes. Those are
completely free.
I clapped my hands and rubbed them together. Then lets go enjoy the
sights and not get shocked doing it.
Arian put the tray away and we were ready for our adventure. Our
excursion was interrupted by the appearance of Prince Yushir. He strolled
through the arches and met us halfway down the path.
The prince smiled and bowed his head to us. Good morning, ladies.
Are you off to see the fair?
I nodded. Yep. Do you want to join us?
Yushir sighed and had a forlorn glint in his eye. Alas, that I could, but
my duties keep me from enjoying the many stalls. Speaking of those- He
reached into his sleeve and drew out a leather purse with a drawstring. The
prince held the purse out to me. My sincerest apologies for not delivering
this sooner, but my duties kept me away.
I studied the bag and my eyes flitted between the leather and the man.
What is it?
A gift for you and Lady Arian, he told me as he grasped my hand and
set the bag in my palm. The contents chinked. You must enjoy your first
festival with us and how can one do that with an empty purse?
Arian scooted up beside me as I loosened the string and opened the
mouth. A stack of silver coins shimmered in the sunlight. I gaped at the
wealth as did Arian.
This is most generous of you, Prince Yushir! she complimented him.
He chuckled. It is, is it not? I do hope you enjoy yourselves, especially
during the show.
Show? I repeated as I closed the bag.
Yushir opened his mouth but Arian caught his eye and furiously shook
his head. He clapped his lips together and cleared his throat. That is, I hope
you enjoy the sights the fair has to offer. This is one of our more special
affairs and I am glad you are here to witness it. If you will excuse me, I
must attend to my duties. He bowed his head and hurried off without even
waiting for us to return the compliment.
I turned my head to Arian and lifted an eyebrow. Show?
The ceremony at twilight, she reminded me as she leaned to one side
and stretched her neck. But we should leave right now or we will have to
contend with a great deal of people.
My curiosity was unsatisfied but I heeded her warning and tucked the
bag into my pocket. A wave of people flowed past the arch and confirmed
her words. We joined that thick excited crowd and followed the flow toward
the island park. I gaped at the transformation a few days and an army of
decorators had done to the realm.
The whole realm was decorated with streams, strings of lanterns, and
colorful banners that hung outside the gates of the many palaces. The stone
guardrails on the bridges were wrapped in fine silken cloth of various
shades of purple and more lanterns hung down at various lengths toward the
abyss below the realm. The crowd laughed and chatted, and admired the
decorations as I was doing.
A group of three people, one woman, and two men, strolled past us.
Lady Shian has really outdone herself this year, the woman
complimented.
She better have. She neglected her other duties enough, one of her
companions quipped.
My gate is finally fixed after nearly a year of being broken, the other
man chimed in.
Oh hush and enjoy the sights, the woman scolded them as they moved
off.
I swam my way through the crowd and stopped to read one of the
banners outside a palace. Good health. Warm heart. Lucky dragon. I lifted
an eyebrow at the last moniker and I turned to my companion. Are dragons
considered lucky?
She nodded. They are.
Something in her expression caught my attention and I eased toward her
with a sly smile on my lips. Is there something you want to tell me about
dragons?
A shout came from ahead of us and Arian whipped her head in that
direction. I believe they are about to open the ribbons. She snatched my
hand and pulled me into the crowd which had increased its speed. Let us
see the opening ceremony!
We wormed our way through the people and managed to get ahead of
the slower spectators to get close enough to see the mouth of the park. The
fairgoers stood a healthy five feet back from the ribbons and Shian and
Pampir stood on the other side of the barrier. Kang stood next to them with
his head held high and his chest puffed out. The angle was all wrong for me
to catch a glimpse of the stalls but a small crowd of merchants lingered fifty
feet behind the trio.
Pampir raised his hands and the crowd quieted. Ladies and lords, thank
you for coming to the Twilight Fair, the fifteen-hundredth and sixty-sixth
occasion for this event. I clenched my jaw to keep my mouth from
dropping open. Now here is Lady Shian with her own words before the
ribbons are removed.
Shian stepped forward and smiled at everyone. Thank you, Lord
Pampir. She lifted her chin and cleared her throat. Ladies and lords, like
Lord Pampir I thank you for attending this Twilight Fair. I hope you enjoy
our vendors and take pleasure in the coming Twilight Ceremony which will
undoubtedly be the finest one yet. Without further ado, I present Lord Kang
who will remove his ward.
Kang sauntered up to the barrier and put his fisted hands on his hips. He
stuck up his chin and grinned at the crowd.
Lift the ward, you fool! Shian snapped.
Her sharp voice shook him from his revelry and he nodded. He held his
palms close to the ribbons and wrinkled his brow. Alright, everyone,
welcome to the fair.
A faint yellow light emanated from his hands and the ribbons shuddered
before they parted, opening the way to fun.
CHAPTER FORTY-TWO
T
and nearly trampled the three welcomers. They scooted to one side and
allowed the mob to tumble into the park. Many of them aimed straight for
the stalls, and Arian and I were two of them. All the merchants were ready
with their goods and their vocal chords.
Come get your lanterns right here! Cant have a Twilight Fair without a
lantern!
Sweets! Candies! Sugar pops! Everything a kid could want!
Lanterns! I have the best lanterns in the whole fair! Come see my
selection!
Freshly cooked fish! Fish balls! Fish pasta!
You wont find finer lanterns than the ones I sell! And cheap, too!
I cast a questioning look at my companion. Lanterns?
Arian kept her gaze focused on everything but me as she nodded. Yes.
Many vendors sell them during the Twilight Fair.
I lifted my eyes to the bright sun and squinted. But what do we need
those for? We cant see them glow.
Arians eyes held a mischievous twinge as she grabbed my hand and
tugged me along. You will understand soon enough, so choose the one that
you like best and I will buy it for you.
You dont have to do that, I assured her.
All my protests died in my throat when I beheld the wide assortment of
paper lanterns that the merchants showed off. Hundreds hung in the stalls
and from racks out front. Most of the supply was folded for convenience
but every style of lantern had one on display. There were square ones,
rectangular ones, and cylindrical ones, and all the shapes in between. Some
were plain lanterns with nothing but their frame while others showed off
Gothic-like buttresses and pagoda designs. A few were even tall enough to
be doll houses and featured little people standing on the edges looking out
as though pleading for someone to buy them.
Wow, I murmured as I brushed my hand over a pagoda-like design.
The paper was of a grayish-white hue crescent shapes covered the walls.
Do you like it? the merchant inquired as he leaned over his table. Its
not as fancy as the others but when she sails shes straight and shimmering
like the moon!
Then Ill take this one, I told him as I grabbed one of its folded
counterparts.
Allow me to buy it, Arian pleaded as she scooted between the vendor
table and me. She slapped down the coins and change was given before I
could even blink.
You and that seller need to go into the banking business, I teased as
we strolled away. You two exchanged money faster than I could see.
Arian shrank a little and blushed. I only wanted to buy your lantern.
And you bought the best one in the whole place, I agreed as I held it
out in front of me and studied the mechanism to open it up. But what was
that about these things sailing?
There was that sly twinkle in her eyes again. You will understand when
the ceremony begins at twilight.
I dropped my arms to my sides and sighed. You can be devilishly cruel
to me, you know that?
Arians face drooped and she furiously shook her head. That is not
what I intended-
I clapped a hand on her shoulder and grinned. Its alright. I was only
teasing.
Is that her? The new goddess? The low, hushed voice caught my
attention and I turned to a pair of women huddled close. They were both
staring at me but at catching my attention they scurried away.
Is something the matter? Arian asked me.
I smiled and shook my head. Nothing that a little window-shopping
couldnt fix.
A seed for the lovely ladies?
Arian and I stopped and turned to find ourselves staring at a peddler
who stood a few feet away in the middle of the fairway. He carried around
an open shallow tray filled with strange seeds. His worn attire didnt lend
itself to my opening my coin purse but there was something in his voice
that made it difficult to ignore him. His stooping posture meant he was a
half-head shorter than even Arian but that didnt stop his presence from
overshadowing all the other vendors on either side of us.
Pardon? I asked him.
He stepped closer and his sharp black eyes darted between us. Two
young ladies without an escort to the fair? Can it be that your loves are far
away?
Two could play at this con game as I smiled at the man. Our loves
havent told us where they are yet but Im sure well find them without
resorting to a bean soup.
The man looked aghast and wrapped his arms around his box. Soup!
Who would throw away a chance at love for a full stomach?
Someone who is very hungry, I quipped as I grasped Arians arm.
But if youll excuse us.
A moment more of your time! he pleaded as he slipped around us
with more agility than I would have given him credit.
His swift action meant he blocked our path. The man plucked a seed
from one of the cushioned compartments and held it aloft in front of his
face. The black seed was in the shape of a pinto bean and its glassy surface
meant its flesh glistened in the many lantern lights that vied for our
attention. The man turned it this way and that, allowing the light to shine off
the smooth skin.
His voice was low and soft like one admiring a piece of jewelry. A
piece of perfection. Everything contained in a tiny cover of slim skin.
My creep alarm bells were ringing off the hook. His soft tongue was
having a completely different effect on Arian.
My friend leaned forward and squinted at the assortment. I have never
seen a fruit like this. What are they?
Seeds of sincerest passion, dearest lady, the peddler explained as he
patted the top of one of them. You plant this seed in the garden of the one
you love and it will bind him to your love forever. He held the seed out to
her with a toothy smile. Would you like one?
Arians eyes shimmered as she stretched out her hand. There was
something in her expression that I didnt like one bit, so I grabbed her wrist
and drew her behind me. I stood as tall as I could manage before the sweet-
tongued merchant and plastered a tense smile on my face. Listen, youre a
great seller and all but were not buying anything right now. Maybe later,
okay?
But I may be out later, the man countered as he patted the side of the
box. There are but a few choice items here and temptation will drop a coin
in my purse and carry them away.
Then well be sure to listen to the coin count and come back when
youre almost out, I quipped as I scooted around him, dragging my
reluctant friend behind me.
I scooted us through the crowds and risked a look over my shoulder
after a few steps. The man stood in the same spot staring at us with that
dark look in his eyes. He wasnt so hunched nor so sweet-looking as before.
The change in him made me shudder and I quickened our steps.
Anna! Arian pleaded as she stumbled along behind me. Why are you
hurrying so quickly?
I slowed my step so she could move up to my side. The eerie aura
around the man had left a suffocatingly creepy vibe over me and I spoke in
a low whisper. I wanted to get away from that guy as fast as possible.
She blinked at me. But why? There was no harm in listening to him.
I looked her up and down. I think he was about to get you to do more
than that.
But there is no harm in the wares anyone sells here, she assured me as
she looked about the fairway. They have all been vetted by Lady Shian and
Lord Pampir.
I stared ahead and snorted. That doesnt give me much comfort, and I
still dont want you hanging around that guy, okay? Arian bowed her head
and bit her lower lip. My heart twinged with fear as I recalled the strange
look in her eyes. Arian, I really dont want to have to order you to do
something, but Im serious about this. I want you to stay away from him.
My friend nodded. Very well. I will do as you say.
I squeezed her hand and grinned with more enthusiasm than I felt. The
bad taste of the bean seller remained in my mouth. Good. Now lets go see
about those sucker sweets over there.
CHAPTER FORTY-THREE
W
been created on a stick. The merchant had used a syrupy sugar concoction
to draw stick figures on the slim bits of wood. The sugary arts shimmered in
the bright light and reflected my face as I bent down to study them.
These are so neat, I complimented as I examined a variety of
creatures. There were foxes, bears, eagles, and even a dog.
The merchant pushed out his ample chest and nodded. Thank you,
Your Ladyship! Your praise is a thousand times more sweet coming from
someone so beautiful!
I laughed and shook my head. I dont think so but thanks for the
compliment.
The man looked aghast at me. Does Your Ladyship not own a mirror?
He stretched out his arms and looked about us at the other lords and ladies.
You are like the moon among stars.
The temperature went up in my cheeks and I waved away his sweet
words. Not so loud, I hissed.
He put his hands on his hips and shook his head. I say only what I
believe, Your Ladyship, and as proof of my words I give you this. He
grasped one of his delights and held it out to me. This is my most prized
creation but I will give it to you for free.
The creation was a large twirling dragon with two pairs of wings on its
back. The serpentine creature seemed to glide up the stick and had its mouth
open in a great silent roar. I was captured by the still scene, but I shook my
head and dug into my coin purse.
I cant let you give that to me, I insisted as I pulled out a few coins.
The man grasped my empty hand and shoved the stick into it before he
backed away. He crossed his arms over his chest and shook his head. I will
not accept it back nor will I accept your coins. That is my word and I will
keep to it.
My shoulders fell as I found myself holding the bag. Er, dragon. You
have to let me give you something. I turned to my companion who smiled
at our interaction. You want one of them, right?
Arian shook herself from her humor and nodded. Very much so.
Then Ill buy one for you, I insisted as I nodded at the assortment.
Take whichever one you want. Take the whole lot if that means I can pay
him back.
The man chuckled. You are very kind, Your Ladyship, but some of my
sweets are very precious. I sold one only a moment ago for a single gold
coin.
I looked down at the silver coins in my hand and bit my lip. Thats a
lot, right?
He curtly bowed his head. Very much so.
Arian pointed at a bear with one claw outstretched as a warning. I will
take that one.
A knowing smile graced my lips as I paid the man the silver coin. It
suits you.
She blushed as she accepted the stick from the merchant. I thought
perhaps I might give it to Jin if we find him.
I stretched my neck and viewed the crowd, but a great many of the
people were taller than me so I couldnt see very far. I dont see him.
Would he be somewhere special?
Arian scoured the stalls and nodded. He may be at the-
Ill take on any comers! Anybody can try their hand at besting me!
The crowing came from the center aisle between the middle two rows of
stalls. That corridor was twice the width of the other two and featured
games like ring tossing, mallet smashing, and other more physical contests.
I wasnt surprised there wasnt a balloon-popping event but the games that
were there were anything but ordinary. The ducks in the pond came alive
when the thrower tossed the ring. Sometimes that was to the advantage of
the tosser as the quackers crashed into each other to escape the ring. The
mallet smashing allowed elemental magic, and a contestant stepped up to
the plate as Arian and I scooted between two stalls.
The man was Kang and he had a broad grin on his face. The merchant
pointed at a wheel behind him that featured pictures of the different
elements. I noticed that fire wasnt present.
Which one are ya? the man asked him.
Lightning, Kang replied.
The man scoffed. You sure you want to do this one? You guys dont
have much force in you.
Kang cracked his fingers together in front of him and focused his eyes
on the button at the bottom of the tall tower. Really? Then you have never
seen me in action.
The vendor beckoned to him. Ill see you in action after youve paid
your fare.
Kang reached into his pocket and tossed a coin to the man. He stepped
up to the push mechanism and rolled up his sleeves. The tamer flexed his
arm muscles and a faint static charge emanated from his arms. The air came
alive with his energy and the ends of my hair stood on end. The crowd
laughed at each other as their hair and cotton clothing did the same.
Kang stretched one arm high into the air and a dark cloud gathered in
the sunny sky above him. He gave a great cry and swung his hand
downward. A huge bolt of lightning shot out of the cloud and slammed into
the push button. The metallic bell was ringing before the wooden block on
the tower shot up and crashed into it.
Everyone cheered and clapped. Kang turned in a slow circle and waved
at the crowd. A great big grin stretched his face as the vendor lurked in the
background with a dark shadow on his brow.
Alright, alright! Youve made your point! the stall master snapped as
he dug into his pocket and drew out some coins. Heres your winnings!
Kang took the coins and bowed his head. Thank you, sir. I look
forward to next years bout.
Not if I can help it. . . I heard the man mutter.
Kang strolled a few steps before he noticed Arian and me. He puffed out
his chest and sauntered over to us. Good afternoon! Did you see my bout
with the bell?
I hid my bemused smile behind a more impassive expression and
nodded. It was really spectacular. Can every lightning user do that?
He stretched himself a little higher and broader in the chest. I and I
only have the lightning hammer. Hardly anyone has survived its blow, much
less a bell.
Then Im glad I got to see it, I commented as I looked about us at the
various games.
How are you enjoying the fair? Kang wondered as he deflated his ego
long enough to remember I wasnt from these parts. Do you like it?
I nodded. Very much. I went to these in my old world but there wasnt
any magic to make it as memorable.
He swept into a low bow. Then I am glad to have shown you the
wonder of our fair festival. He straightened and tossed the coins in the air
before catching them in one hand. Now if you will excuse me, I have some
meat to buy. He bowed his head and strolled away.
I grinned and turned to my friend. Now whats next?
Arian licked her sucker and smiled. Whatever you wish. The coins
Prince Yushir has given us are enough to buy almost anything in the fair.
He mimicked Kangs move by tossing the coin purse into the air and
catching it. Well, sort of. I juggled it a few times before I got a good grip on
it. Well then, lets see what we can buy.
There was so much to see and do that the hours flew past without a
moments thought to the time. The only thing that marred the wondrous
event was the occasional judging pair of eyeballs on me as people
recognized me as that new goddess.
I didnt notice the thinning of the crowds until a family passed us. The
young daughter clung to her dads hand and tugged on it. Cant we sit on
the grass?
He shook his head. We have a blanket that will keep us clean from the
night dew.
I turned and watched them stroll through the stalls toward the pond. The
grass in front of the pool was already crowded with picnickers, many who
munched on food purchased from the stalls and chatted with their
neighbors. A steady stream of people now made their way toward the grass
and even some of the stalls shuttered shop to join them.
So what exactly does happen during this twilight ceremony? I
inquired of my more knowledgeable friend as I turned to her.
Oh my gosh! Arian yelped as she grabbed my hand. We must hurry
before all the best spots are taken!
Arian dragged me into the flow and we hurried toward the expansive
lawn. The crowds whispered among themselves and many among them cast
their eyes to the bright heavens.
Whats going on? I asked her as she found us an empty spot on the
grass only thirty feet from the edge of the pond.
His Highness is about to perform the spell of Twilight, she told me as
we took our seats. We mustnt miss it!
CHAPTER FORTY-FOUR
I . W ?
Nearly everyone in the park joined us on the grass but I noticed nobody
dared sit past the halfway point of the pond. Families and lovers spread out
blankets and took their seats, and many hurriedly opened their lanterns.
There was soon a forest of paper decorations and a few of the children
hopped up and down before their parents tugged them back to the blanket.
Prince Yushir strolled past us and gave me a wink. He took up a position
at the edge of the pond and turned to the crowd. Any hint of noise was
stifled and the people fell silent.
A warm greeting to all of you and thank you for coming to this years
Twilight Fair, he spoke as he clasped his hands behind his back. We hope
you enjoyed the wonderful stalls and our lovely park. Now without further
ado, I will open the Twilight Ceremony.
He turned away so his back faced us and swept an arm in front of him.
A light blue aura surrounded him and dozens of thin tendrils of magic
flowed from his person. The magic floated across the pool before it stopped
in the center and began a slow, circular dance a few inches above the
surface. The water in the pool rose, first in droplets and then in long
threads. The threads stretched up in a gentle tornado and created a tower a
hundred feet high and twenty feet wide.
Yushir lowered his hands so they were in front of him and he moved
them in slow, gentle motions, flicking his wrist as he did so. The threads
split and crashed into the droplets, creating a forest of glistening tears. The
threads moved faster, colliding with the tears and creating thousands of
smaller round balls of water.
Thats when I saw it. The frenzy of water created a picture of the sky
realm with its countless islands, palaces, and vegetation. Delicate trees
stood beside imposing palace archways and bridges glistened as they
crossed over the gap between islands. The threads of water created the
rivers and the canals that meandered through the walkways.
I had forgotten he was a water user but even if I had remembered I
would still be in awe of the wonders he created from the water. Everything
glowed with the soft blue light of his element and shimmered against the
sunlight overhead. The audience gasped and clapped, creating thunderous
applause. The maestro finished his masterpiece and turned to the audience.
He smiled and bowed to them.
I leaned toward Arian and lowered my voice to a whisper. Is this easy
to do?
She shook her head. Such precision is very difficult.
Yushir raised one hand and snapped his fingers. The whole beautiful
picture collapsed into the pool and the crash was deafening. Water sprayed
out across the pool and onto the banks where it sprinkled some of the closer
spectators.
Yushirs voice cut through the applause. I am glad you enjoyed the
show. Now I will step aside and allow you to see the main event.
I lifted an eyebrow as the prince left the stage. He passed us again and
his eyes twinkled with mischief.
I prodded my friends arm with my finger and could feel the tense
excitement in her muscles. That wasnt the ceremony?
She pressed a finger to her lips and pointed ahead of us. A hush fell over
the crowd as a figure clothed in white materialized out of a wispy red fog
on the far side of the pond. It was Lord Eastwei.
I sat up and watched as he took up a position ten feet from the pool.
Confusion clouded my mind as I recalled Arian telling me that he used the
fire element.
He spread his arms wide and a giant red glow surrounded his body. I
recognized the familiar sparkles that had surrounded me when he saved me
from the fall into the canal. Those same glints like embers multiplied
around him until I could hardly see his person.
And thats when they appeared. A huge pair of bright leathery wings
burst from his back stretched out on either side of him. The glow was so
bright that the light stretched across the pond and illuminated the crowd. A
faint gasp arose from the crowd and myself.
I whipped my head about to face my companion. Is. . .is he some kind
of shifter?
Arian blinked at me. Do you not know? His Highness is able to
transform into a dragon.
I choked on my spittle. He can do what?
He can transform into a large dragon, she repeated as she stared in
wonder at me. Has no one told you?
I shook my head. I-I just thought he was, well, that he was just- I
threw up my arms. I guess I never really thought about him being anything
other than what he looked like. And that kid. I knew he could change into
that, but I would never have guessed he was a dragon.
The child form is merely his younger self, Arian explained.
So can a lot of immortals transform into their younger selves? I asked
her.
She shook her head. Only Lord Eastwei and a few others have that
gift.
Eastweis magic was so bright around him that he appeared to be a
small sun. He focused all of that energy close to his body and flung up his
arms. The embers flew high into the air in a tight column, piercing the sky
like the blade of a sword. The crowd tilted their heads back to watch the
glints leave beautiful glistening trails until they reached high above us
where they exploded. The loud noise made me start back, but it wasnt only
the noise that surprised me.
The embers spread across the sky in parting waves, and as they did so
they peeled back the bright sun and revealed a starry night. My eyes
widened and I sat up on my legs to watch the wondrous night fall over
everything. More than one child squealed and many others gaped as I did at
the darkness above our heads. A crescent moon shone in all its wonder and
its soft light caressed the watchers.
The appearance of night wasnt the only wonder. The bursting embers
created pictures in the sky like one could do with fireworks. Eagles and
bears and countless other images appeared above us, twinkling like
constellations before they descended into glittering trails before they
vanished completely. He threw up more ember dust and more of the
fireworks exploded, crafting more pictures more beautiful than I could
have imagined.
I gazed up at the fireworks in awe and wonder. They filled the dark sky
with all imaginable colors and designs. Flowers bloomed and dragons
slithered across the blackness, leaving behind a trail of glitter that cast a
curtain beneath them.
One of the brilliant lights caught my attention. The fireworks had
exploded in the very center of the bright colors and the white lights formed
themselves into a familiar figure with pointed ears and a long slender tail.
I leaned toward my companion and nodded up at the bewhiskered face.
Is that a small cat?
Arian looked at where I indicated and nodded. Oh, yes. His Highness
uses that one every year, or at least for the two years I have seen.
I lifted an eyebrow. Why does he show a cat?
She shook her head. Nobody knows, though I am sure some have
asked. I did hear Lady Shian ask Prince Yushir last year if he had convinced
Lord Eastwei to tell him but the prince could not get an answer out of him.
Thats when I noticed something else happen. The embers fell from as
small flakes and they vanished the moment they touched the ground.
However, many people held out their hands and the embers landed in their
palms but didnt disappear. The catchers had opened their lanterns and now
placed the ember inside the paper towers. The embers filled the lanterns
with a soft glow, but it was much more than that. The people lifted the
lanterns and the paper lamps floated up into the sky, stopping at the same
level as the fireworks.
Eastwei crafted a huge slender dragon with two pairs of wings and a
long snout with slender horns drawn backward toward its serpentine back.
The fire-breathing serpent meandered through the floating lanterns and the
glow from its scales rubbed off onto the paper light. They glowed brighter,
creating tiny red stars in the sky.
Hurry before they finish, Arian advised me as she opened her lantern.
I did the same and we both held out our hands. Embers floated into our
palms and I giggled at the gentle heat that emanated from the flakes. We
placed the embers in our lanterns and lifted them above us. They floated
upward and joined the forest of glowing paper.
It was a wondrous sight to behold, and I was sad when the lights began
to fade. Eastwei lowered his arms and tucked his hands into his sleeves. The
fireworks stopped and the dragon let loose a roar before it faded. The show
was over.
And an unscheduled one was just about to begin.
CHAPTER FORTY-FIVE
M . I
done?
Arian sighed and nodded. I am afraid so. Lord Eastwei expends only
so much energy for the event, and I have heard tell it takes quite a bit of
strength to part the heavens to reveal the night sky.
I studied the shimmering stars created by all the lanterns. What about
the lanterns?
Lord Eastwei will keep the lanterns aloft until daybreak when he
revokes his magic and they fall to the grass, Arian told me as she sat back
down on the grass. Anyone may fetch theirs for next year, but most allow
the vendors to pick them up and restore them to sell again.
Lady Anna! Lady Anna!
The shout came from our right where little Lia scurried across grass and
blankets to get to us. She was nearly out of breath when she crashed into
my lap. I caught her by the arms and smiled down at her as Kean raced up
behind her.
Whats wrong? Why are you here and not with your parents? I asked
my young friend as I looked up at Kean.
He set his hands on his bent knees and gasped for breath. Do not. . .run
off like that. . .again! he scolded her.
Lia shoved her deflated balloon in my face. But its broken! Can you
make my lantern fly like the others?
Can I-oh. Realization set in and I plopped my butt on the grass so I
was more at level with her. Im sorry, sweetie, but your lantern cant fly
without some help.
She pointed at the other lanterns. Like that?
I looked up at the dozens of floating paper lamps and furrowed my
brow. I suppose stuffing one of those flames would work but it wouldnt
be easy to get it into the balloon. Youd really know how to work that fire in
there.
Lia sniffled. Daddy said he couldnt figure out how to get it in there,
either.
I grasped her arms and offered her a smile. Well, why dont we try to
put one of those flames into the lantern, okay?
Lias eyes lit up and she bobbed her head. Yeah!
I fear that will no longer work, Lia spoke up.
Her eyes were fixed on the starry sky. We followed her gaze upward and
my heart sank. The last of the fiery crisps fell to the ground and vanished.
The lord himself had left his spot and strolled around the bank of the pool
toward the crowd.
Damn it, I muttered to myself as I heard another sniffle from my little
friend. I smiled down at her. Well figure something out. Maybe somebody
has a spare fire around here somewhere. Why dont we-
Lia perked up and her eyes widened. She climbed to her feet and shot
off down the slope of the park toward the pool.
Lia! Kean shouted as he chased after her. Where are you going
now?
I followed Lias trajectory and my heart dropped into my stomach. She
was headed straight for Lord Eastwei.
I scrambled to my feet. We have to stop her!
Arian followed my lead and we raced after the children. Their legs were
shorter but they had a headstart. Lia neared the edge of the pool and turned
left toward the tall, handsome figure who strolled along the grassy bank.
The little girl ran in front of him and Lord Eastwei was forced to stop.
Lia shoved the balloon up at him and her large pleading eyes stared up
into his. Please make my lantern fly!
There was such a look of confusion on his face that I had to stifle a
laugh. Arian had a look of horror on her face as did the young Kean who
reached his little friend a second after her request.
He grabbed her shoulders and bowed his head to the lord. I-Im sorry,
Lord Eastwei! Please forgive her! She doesnt know what shes doing!
Nor do I, Eastwei commented as Arian and I joined the party.
I was a little winded by the excursion but I managed to bow my head.
Its my fault, My Lord. I gave Lia the balloon and told her fire could make
it fly like the other lanterns.
Did you? he mused as he returned his gaze to the little girl. And you
thought I could use my magic to make this thing of yours fly?
Lia bowed her head and bit her lower lip. She clutched the flat balloon
against her chest and nodded. Yeah. . .
Eastwei held out his hand to her. Let me see this balloon.
Lias head popped up and a smile brightened her face. Will you make it
fly? she asked him as she eagerly handed it to him.
Eastwei studied the balloon with an impassive expression but the
corners of his lips turned down. We shall see.
I pointed at the slender part. The stem can open and you breathe into
it.
The lord pulled at the mouth and it opened slightly before he released it,
snapping it back into place. I see. He flicked his wrist and held up his
palm. Strands of fiery light floated out of his hand and formed themselves
into a creature I was familiar with.
It was a tiny salamander.
The animal, if you could call a creature made out of shimmering flame
such a thing, lifted its slender head and looked around. Its small flat tongue
flicked out and tasted the air, and its slender tail flipped to and fro.
Lia let out a gasp and stepped closer. It is so very pretty.
And useful, Eastwei replied.
He set the mouth of the balloon close to his palm and the creature
scampered over to it. Its tongue flicked out and tasted the balloon before it
wriggled itself inside. The fire creatures outline could be seen through the
slim skin of the balloon, especially when it lifted its head. The balloon wall
stretched and clung to its head, creating a perfect copy of it.
Lia laughed and I couldnt help but smile at the silly creature. The
salamander ducked out and stood still. The faint glow from its body grew
brighter and the balloon began to expand. Eastwei lifted his hand and set
the balloon adrift above us. The heat from his magical creature lifted the toy
into the air where it joined the rest of the lanterns, though the silhouette of
the salamander made it stick out from even the most impressive of paper
beacons.
Lia hopped up and down and clapped her hands. It is so pretty! Thank
you so very much!
Kean grabbed her hand and tugged on it. Come on. I need to get you
back to your parents before they worry. He bowed his head to Eastwei.
Thank you for your help, Lord Eastwei. The lord inclined his head and
the children scampered off up the hill.
I want to thank you, too, I spoke up, which caused the lord to turn and
face me. I blushed under his unnervingly intense gaze. Lia came up to you
without thinking but you still helped her. That was very kind of you.
He studied me with that impassive expression before he slightly
inclined his head. No need for thanks. I was glad to assist you. He turned
and strolled past us.
I breathed out the air I didnt realize Id been holding in. Arian scooted
close to me and lowered her voice. I had no idea Lord Eastwei liked
children!
I could barely hear what she said. Eastweis words still rang in my head
as I tried to understand their meaning. He hadnt said he liked helping Lia.
He said he was glad to assist me. Little old freshly-made goddess me.
Arian set a hand on my arm. Anna? Are you feeling well?
I finally shook off my thoughts and smiled at her. Y-yeah, Im fine. I
was just thinking I wanted to take another spin around the stalls and then go
home.
My friend pursed her lips as she examined me. Then let us hurry
through them and return home.
Arian handled me like I was a box of expensive China. We walked up
the hill through the vendors but my attention couldnt be bought by the
shiny bling and baubles. Our tour lasted only a half hour and then we took
our first step onto the dark street. Everything was new again as we strolled
down the shadowed walkways. The lanterns hung earlier now showed off
their brilliant light. They cast their soft glow over everything and created a
magical realm of gentle shadows.
I felt a little bad when I recalled my cute little balloons. They were
decorations made for the light and now theyd be overshadowed by the lit
lanterns.
Are you sure you are well? Arian spoke up.
I turned my head to my friend and found her staring incessantly at me.
She searched my face for some hope of a positive answer.
I sighed and my shoulders sagged a little. I lifted my eyes to the starry
sky and that beautiful crescent moon. I was just thinking nobody would be
able to enjoy our balloons in this light.
I am sure they will be able to see them enough to admire them, Arian
insisted.
I laughed and clapped my hand on her shoulder. Thanks for the pep
talk. I guess well see what the crowds think.
We ventured down the majestic walkways and soon arrived on our
street. A large group of people gathered about one of the arches.
Arian gasped. Anna, those people are gathered about our home!
Arians eyes hadnt failed her. The people were indeed crowded about
the entrance to our home. Many ventured in but few ventured out, and we
arrived at the tight rear. A blade of grass couldnt have wedged itself into
that crowd.
Excuse me? I shouted above the murmur. Could we get through?
The onlookers noticed us and realization dawned on their faces.
The owners are here!
Let the owners through!
The crowd parted enough to allow us through and we squeezed through
the arch to find the walkway up to the house was equally packed. The
visitors were polite enough to stay off the grass except for a few little
scamps, and they formed a packed line up to the house. Their gazes were
fixed on the balloons.
The lit balloons.
My mouth fell open when I beheld the illuminated bladders. A faint
reddish light scurried about inside every one of them. The glows were all
shaped into different animals. There was a cat, a bear, even a fish.
And there was a salamander.
Arian gasped and wrapped her arms around one of mine. She tugged
hard and caught my eyes with her gleaming ones. This is wonderful! Our
lanterns are the most beautiful in the whole of the city!
I swallowed the lump in my throat and nodded. Yeah. It does look that
way.
The people thought the same as they oohed and aahed at the silly little
animals. The slow line moved down the cord of balloons and flowed back
out, and more than one person smiled and bowed their head to me.
Your lanterns are so original!
You must do this again next year!
One of the older women stopped and grasped my arm in her wizened
hand. Her face was open and friendly and she offered me a gentle though
curious smile. However did you do it?
I shook my head. W-we just set them up and hoped they would make
people smile.
You must be congratulated on a fine showing. And your first year here,
too.
Yeah. . .
She moved off, leaving me to my stupor. However, I wasnt so far gone
that I didnt know I had one god to thank for it all
CHAPTER FORTY-SIX
I .
Those words echoed in the mind of not only Anna but Lady Shian. She
stood stock-still amid the crowd of fireworks onlookers, a statue among the
greenery. Her eyes were fixed on the small group of people near the edge of
the pond. One of them was Lord Eastwei, and the other two were those
hateful people from Fanshe Hall.
Shian clutched her hand over her heart and unbidden tears swelled up in
her eyes. Lord Eastweis reply had seared itself into her memory and she
couldnt stop it from playing over and over again in her mind. Dadan had
never favored her like that before. How could this new goddess earn his
gentle words? She had only been among them a few months. What right did
she have to his attentions?
Damn her she hissed as she stomped down the sidewalk. She hardly
noticed the compliments from sightseers who admired the lights.
You have done a wonderful job, Lady Shian!
I look forward to seeing your plans for the next fair, Lady Shian!
My gate has never worked so well, Lady Shian! Thank you for having
those men come and repair it!
Shian smiled and bowed to each of the compliments but her shattered
heart wasnt into it. She didnt even realize where she was until someone
grabbed her arm.
There you are! Lady Bidao scolded her. It was she who had latched
onto her friends arm. She leaned down and examined Shians face with a
wrinkled brow. What is the matter? You look as if you have lost all
purpose in life.
Shian sniffled. I. . .I believe that is just what has happened.
Lady Bidao pursed her lips and looked about them. Hold your words
until I get you somewhere less crowded.
She scooted her friend through the crowds and onto one of the smaller
islands. The earthen plot was just a wilderness of trees and grass. A gazebo
had been constructed to give visitors a place to rest. Bidao guided Shian
under its refreshing shade and seated them on one of the benches connected
to the walls.
Bidao grasped one of her friends hands in hers and looked Shian in the
eyes. Now then, tell me what has happened.
Shian closed her eyes and took a deep breath. You watched the scene at
the pool? Where that brat spoke with Lord Easwei?
Bidao nodded. I did, but what of it? And what exactly happened
there?
She hung her head and her thumb brushed against Bidaos hand. I
cannot say completely, but when he had finished lending his magic to the
girl Lord Eastwei, he. . .he. . . She sniffled. He said he was glad to assist
that woman in helping the girl.
Bidao leaned back and lifted an eyebrow. Is that all?
Shian whipped her head up and glared at her friend. An icy tinge of blue
light flashed across her eyes. Is that all? He has never given me such a
favor! I who have known him for thousands of years!
Her friend pursed her lips and turned her face to one side. I see. Did he
say anything else? And how did the woman reply?
Shian dropped her gaze to the bench and shook her head. I cannot say.
I was in such a state that I knew little of what happened around me. I do
know that Eastwei left her shortly after speaking.
Soft hurried footsteps caught their attention and a goddess hurried
across the bridge. It was the bulky Miss Fann and her swift movements
were hampered by her hoarse wheezing. She reached the short steps of the
gazebo and grasped one of the uprights.
Bidao stood and frowned at her. What in the world are you doing?
I. . .I have found you at last, Fann wheezed as she gulped down
enough air to fill fifty balloons. Have. . .have you ventured to look at the
lights Lady Roberts set up in Fanshe Hall? There is such a sight as you
would not believe!
Shians heart skipped a beat and she stood. Show us.
Fann led the group at a much slower pace back to the white streets and
to Fanshe Hall. The thickest of the crowds had left but three dozen people
still lingered. They noticed Lady Shian approaching and bowed low to her.
Have you come to see the wondrous lanterns as well, Lady Shian?
one in the crowd asked her.
She plastered a tense smile on her face. Of course. I have heard they
are most unusual.
Most unusual and most wondrous! another chimed in.
Then how could I not come? Shian replied as she sped past them
before another could compliment her rival.
The trio strolled through the arch and beheld the dancing silhouettes
inside the balloons. Shian stopped ten feet from the string and watched the
animals hope, slither, and tumble about. Her sharp, dark eyes examined
each one in turn until they fell on the salamander. She couldnt fail to
recognize the same creature that Eastwei had crafted for the brat.
I wonder how she was able to create such magic, Fann spoke up as
she more closely examined the balloons. If I had to guess I would say it
was fire magic, but that is impossible.
Bidao cast a worried glance at her old friend. Shian stood as stiff as a
statue and her smile was frozen in place. Perhaps she conjured up
something from her old world and placed them inside these strange
containers.
Good evening. The greeting came from the house and Anna made her
appearance with Arian close behind her. Their hostess stopped and bowed
low to her guests.
Ah, there you are! Fann replied as she scurried up to Anna and
grasped her hands. She pulled the hapless hostess back to the walk and
pointed at the balloons. However did you make them glow like that?
Anna managed a shaky smile and stared at the ground. I, um, that is, I.
. .I made them.
Fann nodded her head. Brilliant! You must show me how to make them
for next year!
Shian was anything but congratulatory to her hostess. A dark, icy look
had slipped into her eyes as Fann fawned all over the beautiful lights.
This fresh evidence settled her decision. Shian lifted her chin and
stiffened her jaw.
Anna Roberts had to go.
CHAPTER FORTY-SEVEN
I L S L B
see our lights, Arian mused as she swept the walkway of the countless
dirty footprints and streamers.
I sighed and pushed my broom along the stones along with her. So was
I.
Do you believe she may have come to see if she may copy your design
for the next fair? Arian wondered.
I stopped and leaned my body against the handle. A faraway expression
slipped onto my face as I recalled the last look Shian had given me. There
had been a darkness in her eyes that had frightened me a little. I wonder
what that look was for.
Arian ceased her sweeping and looked up at me with a raised eyebrow.
What look?
I laughed and shook my head as I resumed my cleaning. Its nothing. It
was probably just my imagination.
How wrong I was.
However, the moment was soon forgotten as life slipped back into its
tranquil pace. And back to my lessons.
Prince Yushir stood over me from where I sat atop the grassy knoll. His
arms were folded over his chest and he tapped a finger against one of his
limbs. I cannot understand it.
My arms were raised in front of me and had been for quite some time.
They started to tremble a little from the effort. Maybe I dont have an
element?
He shook his head. You must surely have an element, otherwise you
would not be able to conjure the magic necessary to create your wondrous
things. The prince paced the ground in front of me tapping away at his
arm. He lifted his eyes to the bright sunny sky and furrowed his brow.
There must be some way to bring out your gift. He paused and stopped
his tapping. A dangerous glint slipped into his eyes and he cast a sidelong
look at me. Perhaps a more forceful approach is necessary.
My face drooped and my eyes widened. Um, no?
Have you ever been in mortal danger, Lady Roberts?
Oh no! I protested as I scampered to my feet. Im not going through
that again! You almost gave me a heart attack with that beast test!
Disappointment showed on the princes face. But it may be the only
way to summon your magic.
My shoulders sagged and I turned my face to one side. Maybe Im just
not meant to do anything other than make cookies and balloons, or anything
else the children might want. Maybe thats why I was put here.
The prince tucked his hands into his sleeves and a faint smile ghosted
across his lips. Perhaps it is, Lady Roberts. I know of people who have
worse roles in life and many who were even less pleased with the element
granted them by fate.
I cast a suspicious look at him. Then you wont be leading me into
mortal danger?
He chuckled and shook his head. Not at the present. I need to go attend
to some duties. We will see each other tomorrow and discuss where we will
go from here. He bowed his head and left me alone with my thoughts.
I folded my arms over my chest and sighed. Cooking for kids and
entertaining others was great, but somewhere deep in my heart, I knew I
was supposed to be doing something more. There was a reason I was here, I
just knew it.
Anna?
I started and whipped around to discover Jin on my doorstep. He
sauntered over to me with a big grin on his face.
Hello, Jin! I didnt know you were still around.
We had to break down the stalls and store the wood away for the next
one, but Im supposed to leave tomorrow, he told me. The young lad
leaned to one side and cast a hopeful look at the house. Is Arian here?
A sly smile curled onto my lips as I raised my voice. Arian! Someones
here to see you!
Arian popped her head out of the house. She grasped a damp sponge in
her hand and her eyes widened at her friend. Jin! She hurried over to us
and looked him over. Why are you still here?
Jin laughed. Is no one happy to see that I am still here?
She set a hand atop his and squeezed it. Of course I am, but what are
you still doing in the heavenly realm?
I missed you at the fair so I wanted to visit with you for a while before
I left tomorrow, he informed her.
Arian bit her lower lip. I am not so sure-
I noticed she twisted the sponge in her hands. You really should go, I
insisted.
You. . .it will not be any trouble? she asked me.
I grinned. I think I can manage on my own for a day. You go off and
have some fun.
I suppose. . . Arian murmured.
Then it is settled! Jin chimed in as his twinkling eyes and crooked
grin ensured I knew Arian would have a good time. So let us go
immediately!
I took Arians sponge from her and the last excuse fell away. Jin
snatched her hand and pulled her toward the gate.
See you later! I shouted as they disappeared through the arch.
I tossed the sponge in the air and caught its squishy body in one hand.
Cold water dribbled out and down my arm. I yelped and flung my arm
about to drain the river.
Yeah, Anna, just fine on your own.
I rolled my eyes upward and glared at the sky. Quiet, you. I have some
cleaning up to do.
To whom are you speaking?
The voice wasnt my inner thoughts and the suddenness made me jump
out of my skin. I landed on shaky legs and spun around toward the arch,
half expecting to find my disobedient servant after abandoning her friend.
No such luck. Who I discovered was Lady Shian and her friend whose
name I had forgotten.
Lady Shian strolled toward me with a smile on her lips, but there was a
coldness in the welcome that almost made me shiver. Good morning, Lady
Roberts. I have come here today to apologize for not admiring your strange
decorations with as much joy as I felt.
Yeah, joy. Thats the word for it.
I tamped down my sarcastic inner self and returned her smile with what
I hoped was a warmer one. Theres no need to do that. Im sure you were
just tired from handling everything.
Of course. I had to resist the urge to step away from this woman.
Some dangerous current ran under every word she said. But I still desire to
give a proper apology and I believe I have just the thing.
I lifted an eyebrow. You really dont have to do anything. Please
dont.
Shian looped an arm around mine and pulled me toward the arch.
Nonsense. It is the least I can do after that wonderful display you created.
Many of the lords and ladies can talk of nothing else.
Flattery wasnt exactly getting her into my good graces but surprise
could work the same way. They said that?
She nodded as she guided me out onto the walk. Oh yes. Some have
even asked that their palaces be decorated as yours was for next years fair.
I really dont think you need to do anything for me, I insisted as I
squirmed in her hold.
She tightened her grip on me and I felt her nails dig into my arms.
Nonsense. This is about more than my honor. My family prides itself on
being gracious, as is required of those who manage the palaces. She leaned
in close and lowered her voice. And I would loathe to have my family
dishonored due to my lapse.
A sharp warning lurked in every syllable. I shrank down but she kept a
tight grip on me.
She laughed but there was no mirth in the sound. It rang as tinny as an
empty tin cup. You mustnt look so frightened. You are a guest of His
Majesty, after all. No one will come to you in his realm.
I almost believed her, but perhaps it was more hope than reality. Y-
yeah, I guess I am. . .
We crossed over a large bridge and onto an island that didnt hold any
palaces. The only structure was a huge gate that stretched from one side of
the small island to the other. Two guards with spears stood at attention on
either side and I noticed a lone figure beyond the gate. It was Bidao and she
looked even more nervous than I felt.
Her breeding and habits forced her to stand straight and bow her head to
me. Good morning, Lady Roberts. I hope you slept well.
We passed through the gate and I glanced at the guards with a tinge of
hope. He continued to stare ahead without even the slightest hint that he
saw me.
Where exactly are we going? I asked my guide as we joined the
nervous Bidao.
You have yet to venture out of the heaven realm, have you not? Shian
inquired.
Icy fear wrapped around my heart Y-yeah, but I really should get
back-
Nonsense, Shian insisted as she tightened her grip on my arm. I have
been such a poor friend to you that I wish to show you the beauty of your
former home. You did live in the land of the mortals, did you not?
She guided me toward the bright abyss of the edge of the island. My
heart pounded in my chest as the precipice loomed.
I think Ill stay here! I insisted as I dug my heels into the ground.
Shian laughed. You are so good at jokes! Now I will show you what
you have been requesting of me for quite some time.
I didnt get a chance to ask her what the hell she was talking about
before a dazzle of icy-cold glitter flakes surrounded us. I was reminded of
when Eastwei made his appearance at the pool, only this time I was seeing
it from the inside rather than out.
We continued walking forward and the dazzling lights lifted to reveal a
huge area of solid earth and water. A dirt path led from where we stood and
over a bridge that crossed a wide river.
Is this not beautiful? Shian commented as she guided me down the
road.
I twisted my head around and noticed a portal at our backs. The soft
glow around its arches vanished, as did the magic vortex in the middle. My
way back was gone.
My guide never stopped her incessant and banal chatter. Let me show
you this wondrous river.
We walked up the gentle slope of the curved bridge and stopped at the
top. I was loath to approach the sides but Shian didnt give me any choice.
She practically shoved me against the downstream railing and I felt it groan
beneath my weight.
Shian finally released me and stepped back. I spun around to face my
two adversaries.
A cruel smile curled onto Shians lips. Now you will bother me no
longer. Lady Bidao, if you would do the pleasure.
Bidao shoved both hands out toward me. A powerful wind swept out of
her body and slammed into my stomach. The air was knocked out of my
lungs and I was sent flying into the water. I crashed into the cold current
and water shoved itself into my gaping mouth.
I bobbed to the surface and gasped for air. My arms flailed about me as
my legs flailed beneath me.
I swallowed another mouthful of river water as the wild current turned
me to face the bridge. I cant swim!
CHAPTER FORTY-EIGHT
A
watched her desperate struggles. Bidao gripped the railing and watched in
horror as their victim sank into the dark depths.
Pull her out, Shian! Bidao shouted as she whipped her head around to
her friend. Shian impassively stood there staring into the dark depths of the
swift river. Bidao grabbed her friends arm and shook it. I cannot pull her
out without risking bashing her to death upon the lifted waters, so you must
pull her out now! Shian! Now!
Shian shook herself from her dark thoughts and lifted one hand. A soft
icy glow emanated from her hand and a frozen droplet formed in her palm.
She swept her arm outward and the droplet shot into the water like a spear.
The magic sparkled in the depths some hundred feet downstream from the
bridge and the ice popped onto the surface. The droplet had formed itself
into a platform large enough to hold a person.
That person was Anna. She lay sprawled face-down out on the ice
formation, her face as white as a sheet and her person soaked to the bone.
The young goddess didnt move except for the faintest of motions in her
breast.
Bidao clutched her chest and sighed. Thank goodness.
Sweep her away.
The cold voice jolted Bidao out of her exhausted jubilation. She looked
up to find Shian staring at Anna with hard eyes.
What was that? Bidao asked her friend.
Shian nodded at Anna. Sweep her boat away. I want to ensure she
never troubles us again.
Bidao pressed her hands against her chest as a horrible sinking feeling
touched her conscience. She forced her eyes back on the frail young woman
who drifted away from them.
Did you hear me? Shian snapped.
Bidao sighed and stretched out one of her hands. A faint green light
emanated from her palm and a gust of wind flew out. The breeze dove off
the bridge and skipped across the river to Annas little ice sheet. Her magic
pushed against the icy platform, shoving it faster down the river. The
woman and her boat soon disappeared from view.
Shian turned away from her friend and toward the gate. We shall never
speak of this. Do you understand? Bidao bit her lower lip and couldnt
help but cast a furtive glance at the river. Shian spun around and lifted her
chin. Magic flowed out of her bright blue eyes. Why do you not answer
me?
Do you. . .were we not too harsh on her? Bidao squeaked.
Shians lip curled up in a sneer. She did not belong among us. The land
realms are where she belongs or even better the mortal realm. She waved
her hand and the gate ahead of them activated. Now let us forget that she
ever existed.
Bidao scooted in front of her friend and blocked Shians path. But what
will we tell the guards?
Shian scowled at her. I already told you we will inform them that the
woman escaped us and passed into the immortal realms, no doubt to cause
mischief.
And if she returns? Bidao persisted.
Her companion rolled her eyes. Who would everyone believe? The
woman who has only been with us for a few months or we who have lived
among them all our lives?
Bidao turned her face away and nodded. Very well.
Good. Now let us home to our soft beds and a clear conscience.
Shian lifted her chin and sauntered toward the gate. Bidao followed
behind with less pride than her friend. A nagging voice at the back of her
mind warned her that she wouldnt soon forget this day.
Your new mistress looks a lot nicer than your old one, Jin commented.
The pair strolled down the walkway with the sun shining overhead. A
few other couples wandered past, their whispered words like the cooing of
doves.
A big smile brightened Arians face as she nodded. She is. I have never
been happier here than I am now.
Jin stretched his arms behind his head and cast a sidelong glance at her.
So I suppose that means you wont be coming home anytime soon?
Arian felt a twinge of regret in her heart for being the cause of his
forlorn expression. Im sorry, but no. I wish to remain here for a while
longer. However, she has shown interest in visiting our home with me. I
may see you then.
In case that doesnt happen, Id better give this to you now, he mused
as he dug into his pocket. He drew out a small stiff case and held it out to
her. For all the birthdays of yours Ive been missing these last two years.
Arians face was a picture of confusion as she accepted the package.
She opened the lid and revealed a small ring with a diamond-shaped amber
jewel set in its little pocket. This. . .this is for me?
He grinned and nodded. Who else would I give a ring to?
Arian pinched the ring between two fingers and lifted it out to study the
glistening orangish-red jewel. It is so beautiful. How did you manage to
afford it?
His grin took on a sheepish accent and he rubbed the back of his head,
ruffling his hair. To speak the truth, I hadnt intended to see you before I
returned home but one of the goddesses from here gave me the money to
buy this from the merchant as they were closing up shop last night.
Arian lifted an eyebrow. Why did she do that?
He shook his head. Im not really sure myself. She only said that I
must have wanted it for a sweetheart and such a good intention deserved a
reward. The only condition was I had to give it to you before I left so I
swore an oath to see you today to give you it.
Arians heart fluttered but not from flattery. A dark inkling rose at the
back of her mind. What did she look like?
Jin lifted his gaze in contemplation and wrinkled his brow. I guess she
was a generation above ours and with long brown hair. His eyes widened
and he snapped his fingers. And she was a wind user! I remember because
a breeze blew past us and her hair didnt move a bit, and that told me she
knew how to control it!
Arian stiffened and her wide unfocused eyes stared ahead.
Jin stopped and turned to face her. He grasped her arms and examined
her terrified expression. Arian, whats the matter? Are you alright?
She lifted her dread-filled eyes to him and the depths of her fear froze
even his seasoned veins. Her voice came out in a hush. We must return.
He leaned back and blinked at her. Return? To the palace? Why?
Arian grabbed his hand and spun around. She broke into a sprint and
yanked him down the walk. There is no time to explain!
Jin stumbled behind her and they returned to Fanshe Hall in a short
time. Arian released him and raced down the walk to the house.
Anna! Anna!
Arian darted room to room searching each one for her friend. Jin joined
in the treasure hunt but it only took them a few moments to realize their
prize wasnt there.
Arian stumbled out of the last room, her own bedroom, and tears welled
up in her eyes. Where can she be?
Jin grasped her arms and squeezed them. Theres no need to cry.
Maybe she just stepped out for a moment.
Arian bit her lower lip and a loose tear fell down her cheek. I just
know something terrible has happened to her.
Her old friend pursed his lips and he draped a strong arm over her
shoulders. Well, why dont we start asking around then? Somebody is
bound to have seen her.
Arian sniffled and nodded. You are quite right. Perhaps I am
overreacting.
He comforted her with a smile as he led her to the arch and out onto the
walk. And well have a good laugh about it later-
Is there a problem?
The voice stopped them in their tracks and came from their left. Arians
heart skipped a beat when she saw it was Lord Eastwei who had asked the
question.
I-I am not sure, Arian replied, and she looked to her friend for help.
Lady Arians mistress has gone off without telling her where and were
a little worried about her, Jin explained.
Eastweis perfect eyebrows knitted together. When did she leave?
Within the last half hour, Jin replied as he looked down at his
companion. We werent gone any longer than that.
Arian slipped out from Jins gentle hold and stepped close to the
impressive lord. Could you. . .is there any way you could help us find her,
Lord Eastwei?
Eastweis reply was to sweep his arm toward the ground and his fiery
flakes floated onto the earth. They illuminated a set of footprints that led all
around the walk and even onto the grassy knoll, but the brightest set left
through the arch and turned right.
Eastwei strode forward with only a few curt words to the others. Come
with me.
CHAPTER FORTY-NINE
T
led toward the large bridge Anna had crossed earlier.
These footsteps lead to the main gate, Jin spoke up.
Eastwei quickened his steps and they arrived at the impressive structure.
The two guards stood at the ready and Eastwei stopped in the middle of
them.
Have either of you seen Lady Roberts? he questioned them.
One of the men nodded. We did, sir. She passed through here with
Lady Shian and Lady Bidao only a few minutes ago.
Speak of the devil and they will come. Two figures materialized on the
other side of the gate close to the edge of the island. They were Bidao and
Shian, and one look at the worried company made Bidao blanch.
Arian pushed through the other men and moved to the forefront of their
group. Where is Anna?
Shian lifted a delicate eyebrow. Anna?
Lady Roberts! Arians voice was in a higher pitch and she wrung her
hands together in front of her. She is supposed to be with you! The guards
told us you had left with her!
The imperious lady of the palaces closed her eyes and shook her head.
Then I fear I bring bad tidings for you. Lady Roberts has escaped.
Escaped? Jin repeated as he stepped up to Arians side. Was she a
prisoner?
She was a guest of His Highness but she did not have his permission to
leave, Shian answered him.
Jins thoughts were troubled by her words. Then why did you go with
her to the land realms?
Shian drew her hands into her sleeves and paced the ground in front of
them. I fear we are the victims of her lies. She told us she was allowed to
go to the land realm and only needed help to walk through the portal. She
stopped and abruptly turned to the group, her eyes ablaze with fury and
disgust. She lied to us but we did not learn of her treachery until she
vanished over the bridge. By that time we could not stop her and the last we
saw she was headed south.
Arians eyes widened and a hand flew to her mouth. It. . .she would
not- Visions of Anna leaving her danced in her head. She shut her eyes and
shook her head. This cannot be! She would not leave so suddenly without
a good reason!
Shian turned her nose up and scoffed. She needed no other reason than
to appease her selfish desire to leave this paradise and return to her mortal
people.
Jin pursed his lips as he grasped Arians upper arms. We must try to
find her and hear her explanation for these events.
Eastwei raised one hand and a faint reddish hue emanated from his
palm. I need only my magic to find her.
A brief look of panic flashed across Shians eyes but she kept her
composure. That will be impossible, will it not, Lady Bidao? she warned
him as she half-turned to her friend. You used your magic to try to capture
her, did you not?
Bidao bobbed her head. Y-yes, I fear so. I used my magic to try to grab
her and missed.
Then the trail is no doubt muddied by Lady Bidaos magic and cannot
be followed with any reliability, Shian pointed out. A heavy sigh escaped
her and she shook her head. The fiend is no doubt following the river bank
to avoid any detection.
But she would not do any of what you say! Arian argued. She
trembled in Jins grasp and tears streamed down her cheeks. Something
must have happened to her! We must find her!
Shian scowled at the distraught young woman. You dare doubt our
words?
Jin leaned down and lowered his voice to a whisper. Shes right.
Theres nothing more you can do. I will report this to His Majesty
immediately. She strode past them and Bidao was only too eager to follow.
Arian broke down into sobs and Jin was forced to hold her up. She
clutched onto the front of his shirt and balled into his attire. It cannot be!
Something is wrong!
Jin noticed movement out of the corner of his eye and lifted his head to
watch Eastwei approach the edge of the island. Where are you going, My
Lord?
Eastwei paused on the threshold but didnt turn. I will be back shortly.
He walked forward and vanished in a reddish cloud.
Jin pursed his lips but the wet stains on the front of his shirt were more
pressing. Come on, he whispered as he leaned Arian against him. We
will wait at the nearest bench for his return.
While they moved over to their seat, Eastwei strode through the gate
and into the huge realm of the land gods. He paused a few steps away from
the gate and looked about him. All was quiet and calm.
Eastwei swept his arm out in front of him and red footprints appeared.
He followed them to the highest point of the bridge where they vanished.
The lord inspected his surroundings but didnt see any hint of her
whereabouts anywhere.
A faint expression of disappointment marred his handsome features. He
set a hand on the railing and leaned out over it. His reflection stared back at
him from the flowing surface of the river. It looked more than worried.
There was fear in his eyes.
Eastwei shook himself and straightened. He turned and strode down the
curve of the bridge.
But not toward the gate.
He reached the end of the bridge and his handsome visage vanished in a
soft cloud of red shimmering light.
Cold. So cold.
I stirred from such a slumber as I never recalled having. Every bone in
my body felt heavy and numb. I was weighted down with more than just
worries, but with an icy chill that sank into my very soul. Fear rode on its
coattails, fear of some unknown darkness that lay just beyond my vision.
Then it came. A gentle caressing warmth. It lit up my whole being and
left me with a sensation of comfort and love. I breathed out, content for the
moment.
That peaceful period was interrupted by the distinct odor of wet fur. I
wrinkled my nose and something brushed against my cheek. It was sharp
and thin like a needle.
My slumber was permanently disturbed by these mysteries and my eyes
fluttered open. I found myself staring at the bank of an unfamiliar river. A
thick forest stood only ten feet away, its floor a mess of brambles and wild
grass. The breeze carried with it unfamiliar smells and sounds.
It also tickled my body. I wrinkled my nose again and again felt the
strange sensation of something brushing against my cheek. Something
forced my butt to move behind me. I twisted around and my mouth fell
open.
A silver-furred tail wagged behind me. My tail.
I screamed and the sound came out in a loud yowl. The cry startled me
ten-fold and I jumped into the air, crashing down atop the cold surface on
which Id been laying. It was a dwindling hunk of ice and my crash landing
broke the platform into a few pieces. Half floated off down the river and the
rest threatened to do the same.
I lifted my head and stared down at the ice beneath me. The cold liquid
reflected my face. My round, bewhiskered face. Short silver fur covered my
body from the tips of my pink-padded toes to the top of my sharply pointed
ears. My fingers were adorable round digits and my eyes were a brilliant
yellow that stared back at me in wide shock.
What the hell happened?
I meant to scream that aloud but the words came out in a hideous yowl.
A sudden jerk beneath me brought me back around to the rest of reality. The
ice block upon which I lay shifted as the rivers current tugged at its rear
edges. I had to get off or I was about to go for another ride.
I stood but only for a moment. My untrained paws couldnt manage the
icy surface and I danced about before I fell chin-first back onto the
platform. The icy cracked and parts broke away to drift down the river. The
remaining part shuddered and slid backward.
I tensed my leg muscles and leaped forward, crashing down a few feet
onto solid ground. The last of the ice broke away and drifted onto the river
where it soon vanished around a bend.
I lifted my head and looked around me. All was quiet and calm, but that
only made the hairs on my back stand on end.
Stop panicking and think!
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. The last thing I remembered
was Shian and Bidao tossing me into the river. Shian was an ice user so she
must have shoved me downstream. That meant I only had to follow the
river to find my way back.
But how long had I been unconscious?
I opened my eyes and lifted myself onto my unsteady four legs. The tail
instinctively helped me balance myself and I took one gingerly step
forward. My opposite rear leg dragged along and tripped over the uneven
bank. I yowled as I toppled forward. A cloud of dust puffed up at my crash
and I sneezed. The sound was adorable.
This was going to be a hell of a long hike. There had to be some other
way to get back.
My heart quickened as I thought about a rescue party. The guards had
seen me leave! They would know I didnt come back!
But who would miss you?
My ears fell flat and my tail drooped. That damned inner voice was
right. There was nobody to miss me but my two friends and what could they
do to find me? Shian had this planned from the beginning so she
undoubtedly had a story to concocted about why I didnt come back with
them.
I had to get back on my own, so I stiffened my furry jaw and stood. I
flexed my legs and noticed how the opposite limbs moved together. It was
just a simple matter of expecting one more leg to move at the same time.
I stepped forward and my back leg followed. There was no tripping this
time. One small step for me, one giant leap for getting back and explaining
everything. Except for how I became a cat. That I couldnt even explain to
myself. Still, hope was kindled within me and I sauntered up the river bank
toward the gate.
Little did I know I would have one hell of a diversion before I reached
familiar lands.
SNEAK PEEK: GUARDING A SECRET
Epic fantasy woven through a world of the Gods
Now that youve finished one part of the story, heres a little sneak peek at
the next book.
T. I once missed that hour when the brilliance of the sun was
replaced by the softness of the night.
Now I dreaded it.
The shadows had crept up on me shortly after I left my landing spot and
now I found myself in a strange land that was about to dissolve into
darkness. I could only imagine what animals lurked in the shadows waiting
to chomp on little me.
There was also a problem with this mysterious new body of mine. I had
dirty paws, dirty fur, and a tail that just wouldnt stop swishing about. And
the whiskers! Those poking things that had awoken me on that icy barge
were constantly twitching.
The last rays of the sun were disappearing behind a horizon of hills as I
slunk under a thick mess of brambles. Tiny stickers on the plant stuck to my
fur and trapped me in its harsh web. I twisted around and hissed at the
offending bush. It didnt care.
Go figure.
I yanked myself free and tumbled head over four heels to land with a
hard thump on a patch of bare earth. My legs ached and my teeth chattered
as the chilly night air descended upon me.
What I wouldnt give for a cat coat.
A crack of a stick made me freeze. I whipped my head about and I could
feel my eyes dilate. The world turned from night to daylight as if by magic,
but the darkest shadows couldnt be penetrated. The sound had come from
one of those patches of darkness.
The tip of my tail furiously twitched as I hunkered low to the ground. A
faint rustling of leaves came to my large ears and my nose detected. .
.something. I couldnt make sense of all the information it was giving me
but my brain knew something was wrong. Dangerously wrong.
I crept on my belly forward with the direction of the trouble staying on
my right. The darkness was an impenetrable hunk of fallen branches and
bushes. A rotting tree ran in one end of the mess and out the other, its moss-
covered surface gleaming with twilight dew.
A squealing roar made me freeze and the next moment a pot-bellied
creature came crashing out of the darkness. It landed nearly on top of me
and I was rolled across the ground, coming to a stop on my back. The thing
charged and swung its head down. A pair of thick horns scooped me up and
flung me into the air. I yowled and flailed all four legs.
Good thing cats always land on their feet. I landed on my paws but the
ground I crashed onto was a spitfire of trouble.
It was the back of my nemesis.
The creature squealed and bucked, tossing me about as my front claws
viciously dug between the long bristles and into its rough pelt. I was flung
to and fro like a bronco rider until I lost my grip. The wild bucking threw
me several yards away where I landed hard and rolled across the rough,
prickly ground.
I came to a stop on my side among a mess of stickers and dried leaves.
My aching body complained about the rough treatment while my head spun
from the hard fling.
A heavy snort shattered my rest. I whipped my head up and my blood
froze in my veins.
The creature stepped into my field of vision and I saw it was a huge
boar. The heavy tusks curled out of its mouth and up past its face. Its
weathered features were mere decorations when I beheld the terrible look in
its dark eyes. There was a madness in them that made my heart skip a beat.
This creature hungered for blood and I had a fresh supply.
The boar threw its head back and let loose a terrible squeal before it
charged. My eyes widened and I rolled out of its way, missing being
stomped by its sharp hooves by a mere inches. I scampered to my feet and
dug my claws in for grip before I shot off. The boar pursued me, its terrible
huffing breathing coming closer and closer to my tail. I ducked and leaped
over bushes and fallen trees, but the creature crashed through it all.
One of those fallen trees proved to be more rotten than I predicted. I
landed on its bark prepared to vault to the other side when the bark gave
way. I yowled as I crashed through into the hollow center. The boar flew
over me, snapping its jaws where I had just stood.
I landed hard on my side and a sharp stake stabbed itself into the upper
arm of my front leg. Warm blood ran down my fur coat and dripped onto
the forest floor.
A shadow stretched over me and I had only a fraction of a second to
react. The boar shoved its tusks through the frail walls and I scampered
down the slick rotting innards of the tree. It crashed into my little hollow
and raced about me, destroying everything in its path. I shot out the far end
and dashed through a mess of brush before I stumbled into a small clearing.
My wound pounded with pain and I felt a little dizzy as blood gushed from
the hole. The world spun around me and the edges were a hazy mess. I
could only make it halfway across the clearing before I collapsed onto my
side.
The boar slammed through the brush behind me and raced at me, its
hungry eyes promising a terrible death. I closed mine and waited for the
end.
The boars hooves skidded along the hard-packed floor a foot shy of
where I lay. It let out a terrible squeal before I heard it spin around and
stampede back into the forest.
I peeked open my eyes and watched its behind disappear into the brush.
Hope was rekindled inside me, but there was also a rising fear. What had
caused the boar to take off in such terror?
A strange shuffling noise made me turn my head to the center of the
clearing. I creaked my head around and my heart stopped.
A strange slender plant branch slithered toward me. Its black skin
shimmered like rotten flesh and tiny spikes covered its surface. I hissed and
scrambled back but my lame leg dragged me down. The thing wrapped
around my other front leg and its spikes sank into my flesh. A screeching
yowl burst from my mouth and I scrambled back, or tried to. The thing kept
its tight grip on me and tugged me toward the shadows at the other end of
the clearing. A horrible feeling fell over me as I beheld a strange darkness in
those woods. Something terrible awaited me, far more terrible than the end
the boar had promised.
I thrashed and dug my heels into the dirt, but nothing worked. The thing
dragged me toward the abyss of some hideous unknown nightmare. I was
on the precipice of despair when a shimmering light came down from
above.
A shadow dropped from on high and sliced the tendril with a flaming
weapon. The tendril was cut in twain and my half released me and flopped
onto the ground. I limped back but not too far because both my front legs
were now wounded. The sliced end shuddered and drooped before it fell
into a pile of black ash. The other half slithered backward into the ugly
shadows.
My savior straightened and partially turned to me. I hissed in surprise as
I beheld the angelic face of Lord Eastwei. He held a flaming sword in his
hand which he kept at his side as he strode over to me. I wanted so
desperately to lung into his arms but my feeble attempt at a jump ended
with me dropping chin-first onto the ground.
Eastwei knelt by my side and inspected both wounds, dirtying his hands
with my blood. The blood congealed in my fur and dripped onto the ground.
He pursed his lips and examined the rest of me. You have seen better
times. I could only wag my tail in appreciation. He turned his face about
and his eyes fell on the darkness. Remain here until I return.
He stood but I was having none of that. No way I wanted to be left
alone in this creepy beast-infested forest. I yowled and tried to stand but my
shaky front legs collapsed beneath me and I dropped onto the dry dust.
Eastwei studied me for a moment before he stooped and scooped me
into one arm. Stay still.
I bobbed my head, only too happy to be tucked against him. He strode
forward into the woods where the tendril had vanished. My heart pounded
in my chest but I felt nothing from the god who carried me. His heart was as
impassive as his face as he used his sword to slice his way through the
dense forest.
A disgusting squishing sound echoed through the trees and a hideously
noxious smell wafted past my nose. I wrinkled my schnoz and pressed
closer to Eastwei.
He stopped and studied me. Do you smell something?
I nodded and lifted my bloodied paw to point at the way ahead of us.
Eastwei tightened his grip on both me and his sword before he ventured
ahead. The odor worsened and I found myself gagging. Even the lords
impassive expression took a hit as he curled one corner of his lip up in
disgust.
The trail of the tendril was easy to follow as the thing had left a black
patch of rot in its wake. The path meandered through the woods before
those began to thin and finally parted, revealing a small settlement of some
dozen homes.
Standing there at the edge of the buildings, I was struck by the eerie
silence. The atmosphere was like that of a graveyard. Nothing stirred save
for a few bits of clothes on the ground. Eastwei approached the strange pile
and used the tip of his sword to burn away the hem of a pant leg.
I screeched as it revealed a shriveled human leg.
Like what you read? You can get it here!
A SMALL FAVOR
Thank you so much for sticking with me until the end! Your support means a lot to me, and Im
grateful to have the opportunity to entertain you with my stories.
Now I have a small favor to ask. I would be eternally grateful if you could let others know what you
thought of the book by leaving a review. Many readers often hesitate to try new books or authors. A
few reviews can encourage them to take the plunge and give it a read.
If you enjoyed my book and think others will as well, please consider taking a moment and
leaving a review at the retailer where you downloaded the book.
Again, thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to welcome you into my imagination. No
words can express my gratitude (but I tried).
Much Love,
Mac
WHENS THE NEXT BOOK?
Dont you just hate it when youve missed a new release of your favorite series? Or you didnt learn
about a giveaway until after the signup window closed?
I cant thank my readers enough for your support, so I want to give as many smiles as I can to your
lives.
Whats the easiest way to know when my next book is out?
My newsletter.
Its a short read, it goes directly into your inbox without any bothersome websites, and it has
everything youre looking for. Just the simple details and the sumptuous giveaways for you to enjoy!
Im sold, add me to your newsletter!
SERIES BY MAC FLYNN
Contemporary Romance
Being Me
Billionaire Seeking Bride
The Family Business
Loving Places
PALE Series
Trapped In Temptation
Demon Romance
Ensnare: The Librarian's Lover
Ensnare: The Passenger's Pleasure
Incubus Among Us
Lovers of Legend
Office Duties
Sensual Sweets
Unnatural Lover
Dragon Romance
A Court of Passion
A Timeless Affair
Blood Dragon
Deaths Dragon
Dragon Dusk
Dragon Key
Dragon Mother
Dragon Sin
Dragon Thief
Falling For A Dragon
Fated Touch
Feral Dragon
Maiden to the Dragon
Shadow Dragon
The Dragon Gods Wife
The Dragon Lords Bride
The Ravaged Kingdoms
The Songstress and the Pirate
Ghost Romance
Phantom Touch
Vampire Romance
Blood Thief
Blood Treasure
Vampire Dead-tective
Vampire Soul
Urban Fantasy
Death Touched
Oracle of Spirits
Werewolf Romance
Alpha Blood
Alpha Mated
Beast Billionaire
By My Light
Desired By the Wolf
Falling For A Wolf
Garden of the Wolf
Highland Moon
In the Loup
Luna Proxy
The Moon and the Stars
Marked By the Wolf
Moon Chosen
Moon Lovers
Moonlight Among Monsters
Scent of Scotland: Lady of Edinburgh
Scent of Scotland: Lord of Moray
Shadow of the Moon
Sweet & Sour
Wolf Lake
Wolf Mountain Pack
ABOUT MAC FLYNN
A seductress of sensual words and a lover of paranormal plots, Mac Flynn is the alias of a writer on
the run from distraction. She lives on the edge of sagebrush and sanity with her many crazy cats, and
finds pleasure in writing thrilling paranormal stories filled with naughty fun and hilarious hijinks.
Shes the author of numerous paranormal and fantasy series that weave suspense, adventure and a
good joke into a one-of-a-kind experience. You can learn more about her at MacFlynn.com.
Sign up for my newsletter!
